1.0	While I realize that the majority of people thought this to be a stellar book, it reminds me of the story, "The Emperor has no clothes".  Yes, Choan can write a beautiful sentence and yes, the first several pages were intriguing but the switching of years was very annoying.  The "flipping back and forth" was not accomplished in a smooth, flowing manner.  In addition, the subject matter was incredibly depressing and the characters were so flawed that one did not even care about how their lives evolved.  The kidnapping was predictable and the ending contrived.  It would be impossible to recommend this book to anyone
1.0	I had never read any of  Vernor Vinges books before, but i had heard he was an excellent author, so I thought I would try this.  Boy, am I glad I bought it used on Amazon for about only $4.  I simply had no idea what was going on in this novel. The plot is unintelligible. I dont know what the Bioweapon  the jacket refers to is? I dont know what "the Rabbit" is.  I see that numerous other reviews here, did not know what was going on either. I do not understand how someone could write so incoherently. 
1.0	 The concept of someone who had Alzheimers getting cured &amp; entering a future society is great - but it never goes anywhere.  The only reason I did not fall asleep, was that I was trying to figure out what was going on, but I did could not  even finish this book
1.0	I got this as both a book and an audio file.  I had waited to read it and was surprised by both the enthusiasm of the content and its author, but also by how he snuck in some odd biblically unsound thoughts (e.g., I gasped when he suggested Christ went to Hell...what Bible passage evidences this?).
1.0	 I agree with how he suggests the enemy is out to deceive us and keep us asleep...but wonder if I go further how much more Eldredge will slip in of his own peculiar biblical misintrepretations.  Where were his editors when this was being written?  Why take sensible good sections and mar them with oddities?
1.0	 I havent read all the reviews here but as one of those "conservatives" frequently mentioned in them I have to admit I may not even finish this book for fear of what else Eldredge has slipped up on.
1.0	 I did appreciate his story about Daniel and the "delayed" angel...but am left wondering if I need go deeper into researching that as possible misintepretation too.
1.0	 What a shame this book is turning into such a questionable venture for me.  We are at war as the author suggests and we must guard the source material well..the Bible well.  So far...I may join others and ditch this valiant attempt to energize Christians and return to the Word itself.
1.0	 I wonder if I can get a refund
2.0	The content of this book is adequate, but the layout leaves much to be desired.  The only way to find a chapter is through the table of contents.  Pages are not labeled with chapter information, such as which chapter that page belongs to.  The content is often broken up with cases and excercises that divide paragraphs in half. This makes it very confusing to follow the flow of the book.  You can be reading along and jump into a case or excercise without knowing it and become very confused.  If the authors and publishers would rework the flow of the book, I would rate it much higher
2.0	This book can be very damaging if you approach it with the idea that it is absolute truth.  As some readers have complained, this is not really a "Christian" book because the focus isn't on Christ, it's on YOU.  
2.0	 A Biblically centered way of dating would put the focus on loving other people unconditionally, the way Jesus would, and not on trying to "find the perfect spouse."  The whole premise of the book is rather un-Christlike:  making yourself enticing enough to the opposite gender that someone would want to marry you.  It's rather selfish, really, when you consider the words of John the Baptist: "Christ must become more, I must become less," as well as the warning in Song of Solomon "Do not awaken love until it so desires."  
2.0	 Shouldn't our primary goal be to glorify Christ and not search for earthly shortcuts to fulfilling our desires?  Finding a spouse is not like science nor business which have clear procedures or even guidelines.  Hearts can be broken, and therefore authentic, Christlike love must take precedence.  I don't mean to sound accusing, but this book borders close to the type of manipulation that the world cleverly calls "seduction."
2.0	 My brother humorously commented that the book also tries to turn you into a "poser." This happens when 'forcing yourself' to be more masculine or feminine in order to entice the opposite sex.  You have to ask:  What kind of people are you trying to attract...people who are enticed by your masculinity/femininity or people who are excited about you for who truly are?  I personally would rather a lady be attracted to me for my fruits of the spirit than my looks or personality.
2.0	 It is a combination of both action and faith that is important.  Faith to set the situations up.  Action to knock em down
2.0	More Than Human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas.
2.0	 The writing is often compared to that of Faulkner but I wouldn't make that connection having read a few of Faulkner's works.  Sturgeon uses many of Faulkner's narrative trademarks (i.e. streaming conscious, first person perspective of low IQ individuals, disorienting changes in first person narrative) but I didn't feel the net effect really compared to say something like As I Lay Dying.
2.0	 I love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously.  This results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books.  More Than Human is slow, dated and not what I would describe as genre transcending nor would I recommend it to others.  So the idea might of been original in the 50's but topics like telekenesis, ESP, computer-brain babies, and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before (Asimov) and since.  This book rarely set off that wow! button in my head or kept me turning pages.  This book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best.
2.0	 In 1953 there were 5 Hugo Award nominees for best science fiction book (Determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004)  The Retro Hugo awards are fascinating because the voting (in this example) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society can't really be ignored.  Besides More Than Human, the far superior The Caves Of Steel, Childhood's End, and Farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi.  Needless to say, More Than Human did not win (Farenheit 451 did and rightfully so)
2.0	 Bottom Line:  I wanted to like this book and it doesn't surprise me that others give it such high praise.  These are probably people that don't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests
1.0	This book places too much emphasis on spending money instead of eating...well if we all had money to burn that would be a wonderful lifestyle.  Read "The Fat Fallacy" instead, it provides much more practical information
2.0	I certainly agree that Portis is a talented writer, but I just didn't find him all that funny.  Perhaps I'm missing something, but I thought that the characters were strange enough, not amusing, just strange.  I was frustrated by the characters and the world that they inhabited.  I forced myself to finish the book and I was rewarded by the one funny line in the whole book, which comes at the very end of the novel
2.0	I can attest to the author's views, because I too have precognition, telepathy, and remote viewing ability. For example, right now I see the author counting his income from the book and laughing at the gullibility of new age readers.
5.0	Remember the Hollywood blacklist? The Hollywood Ten? I'll bet you know a lot about these events even if you weren't alive in the 1950s. That's because Tinseltown has a vested interest in keeping the memory of this era alive. It was the era of the Red Scare, of Senator Joseph McCarthy waving his infamous list of communist subversives during a speech in West Virginia. It was the time of congressional investigations, a time when invoking the Fifth Amendment might keep you safe from a contempt charge but would make you look guilty as sin in the public eye. For a select few the McCarthy era was a time of great fear, and no one feared this witch-hunt against communism more than Hollywood. Why? Because, despite the mountains of claims to the contrary that have emerged over the years, the movie industry oozed communists. There were so many Reds in Hollywood that they should have renamed the town Little Moscow. Yet even today, you won't hear about this truth in the media. You will, however, get the skinny on what really went on if you pick up a copy of Ronald Radosh's "Red Star Over Hollywood: The Film Colony's Long Romance with the Left." 
5.0	 Talk about exploding myths! Radosh's book, which he co-wrote with his wife Allis, cuts through the layers of denial and presents us with an ugly picture of the real Hollywood of the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s. Vladimir Lenin, the little pipsqueak who brought the nightmare of Marxism to the Soviet Union back in the early part of the twentieth century, had a soft spot for film and theater. He believed that the best way to spread communism around the globe was through movies and plays. This is exactly what the Kremlin crowd set out to accomplish in the following decades. They managed to gain converts to their cause--men who later became movers and shakers like Budd Schulberg, Joseph Losey, and Maurice Rapf--by allowing them to work closely with the Soviet film industry. Once these people came back to the United States, they spread their plague to others with the help of party apparatchiks Willi Munzenberg, V.J. Jerome, and John Howard Lawson. In no time at all, writes Radosh, a branch of the communist party flourished in Hollywood. So many big names signed on that newcomers to the industry, in an attempt to make contacts and find work, had to become communists or fellow travelers themselves.
5.0	 The Hollywood branch of the communist party worked to increase their membership and influence in several ways. One of the most successful methods involved the tried and true "United Frontism" and "Popular Front" techniques, or the forming of organizations that on the surface embraced popular progressive causes to lure in unsuspecting liberals while maintaining strong communist control behind the scenes. Radosh reveals that the concerns many people had about the rise of National Socialist Germany in the 1930s helped increase membership, although the party's propensity to change direction, oftentimes overnight according to directives issued from the Kremlin, tended to alienate many members. Also off putting was the heavy-handed discipline that could fall on an unsuspecting member at any time. Albert Maltz, for example, discovered the inflexibility of the party when he wrote an article deemed "revisionist" by the upper hierarchy. His very public refutation of his article left little doubt about the strong-arm tactics used behind the scenes. Despite the ugliness the Hollywood Reds occasionally displayed, they were somewhat successful in spreading their propaganda through films like "Mission to Moscow," "The Spanish Earth," and "The North Star." Congressional investigations threw some of these dupes in the slammer, and silenced a few more, but many never repudiated their warped views.
5.0	 I enjoyed Radosh's book, the first one of his I've had the chance to read. The author and his spouse obviously know what they're talking about and, since Ronald Radosh himself was a communist for many years, he understands how these groups think and act. "Red Star Over Hollywood" occasionally suffers from dry prose and a bewildering number of groups and individuals, but the authors always manage to bring the book back up to speed by throwing in some great anecdotes. For instance, the part where we learn about Ronald Reagan (at the time a liberal) and his buddy William Holden crashing a communist get together in an attempt to inject some common sense into the proceedings is great fun to read about. Reagan got up and started talking only to find himself under verbal attack for some forty minutes. God bless him! The account of Albert Maltz's forced rehabilitation is absolutely chilling, a sobering tale that hints at the violent tendencies inherent in communism. Arguably the best part of the book, however, involves the long, strange trip writer Dalton Trumbo took from the time of his blacklisting to his repudiation of the communist party later in life.  So many intriguing stories pop up in the book that the actual creation of the blacklist takes a backseat.
5.0	 I have one recommendation and one warning to those readers about to attempt the book. In the case of the former, if you're not very familiar with this time period, read a background history of the Red Scare first. Doing so will assist you in learning the context for what happens here and help you learn the basics about a few of the groups and personalities associated with the blacklist. In the case of the latter, the topic is so huge that Radosh doesn't have the space to cover many of the important Reds. There is almost nothing here about Lillian Hellman or Dashiell Hammett, for example, and both of those individuals had a lot to do with the influence of communism in film and books. Nevertheless, this book is well worth your time. Read it and remember it the next time Hollywood releases yet another "we were innocent" propaganda piece.     
2.0	while I appreciate what Tipler was attempting to accomplish, he fails miserabley both from a theological and a scientific perspective.  skip this one!
2.0	Some of the Reacher novels--such as The Killing Floor--have been incredibly good, but I was genuinely disappointed in this one.  The author describes Reacher as heroic, a loner, etc., but instead he should write in such a way that we reach these insights without being told.  Phrases, such as "back in the day," get repeated much too often.  Reacher has become a caricature of himself
1.0	The others in the series were great, and I really looked forward to A Breath of Snow and Ashes. It read like it was all Gabaldon's discarded notes for the previous installment.  I felt really cheated to have spent my time and money on this book. 
1.0	A few good things, but she's lost her edge AND I find it impossible to identify AT ALL with women who regularly have themselves stitched up here and there, Botoxed, massaged, PT-ed...
1.0	 Plus I've never made $150,000+ per year so I feel like I live in another cosmos.
1.0	 Besides, I live in France, where real faces are appreciated.
1.0	 constance rodrigu
1.0	Words cannot describe how ripped off and disappointed I feel about buying this book. 
1.0	 Having read RDPD and CFQ in the Kiyosaki range previously and finding them great, I thought this book would be great as well. I'm sorry to say it's the worst book I've ever read. The entire book is a blatant sales brochure for all his other books. 
1.0	 There's all these annoying references where you get a little bit of information and then instructions that if you want to know more, you need to buy one of his other books.
1.0	 I didn't get any useful information and it's certainly not a 'how to' book. I thought I would be reading about him and his wife's story but all I got was the same few points said over and over again. He doesn't even try to say them in a different way.
1.0	 The other annoying thing was his promotion of network marketing as a good business option. It was obviously done to help sweeten the deal he has with the network marketing association who recommend all his books to their members. 
1.0	 I could seriously go on and on about why you shouldn't waste your money on this book but I won't.
1.0	 I have NEVER written a book review on amazon before as I have never felt so strongly about a book. I generally feel if I get even just 1 thing out of reading a book then it was well worth it. In this case I didn't get anything out of it and felt really used and taken advantage of which is why I decided to post this review. 
1.0	 I hope it saves someone else from wasting their money. Buying this book WILL NOT HELP YOU RETIRE YOUNG OR RETIRE RICH
1.0	This Dolf de Roos book is no different from his other books, owning one is the same as owning all. Writes about same topics and ideas. Good author, trying to sell more books by using different titles.
1.0	   If you don't own any of his books, worth the $20 or so for the book. However, if you do...don't waste your money/positive cash flow
1.0	 Happy investin
1.0	J.K. Rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book.  The characters personalities were wavering in book 5, in this they completely vanished or mutated.  I'll only be getting the 7th one because it's the last one and I've read this far so I might as well go the whole way. 
1.0	 In books one through four the trio of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day.  Book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving, and more whining than day saving. Book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done.
1.0	 This book Harry seemed to care more about romance.  A very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction; which had no background or build up from previous books.  A female character from the background, whom Harry barely even notices all through the past five books, is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion.  Several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to Rowlings amature attempts at romance, none of which bore any revelance to plot or story.
1.0	 Harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence.  The clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another.  The image of Harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying, frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose, under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with Malfoy.
1.0	 As to the general plot of the book.  Poorly done.  Continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me.  Most of the 'revealations' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information, and the culmination of what Harry was not-quite-solving didn't amount to anything.
1.0	 My final opinion: Don't bother to read past book 4 if you're just starting the series and care anything at all about characterization.  A very disappointing book
5.0	I suggest this book to anyone who wants to, or are thinking of, delving into C - no matter how deep!
5.0	 What I love about this book is that it's good for a non-motivated person like me as well, because the exercises at the end of each chapter really make me wanting to finish them up (sort of like how teacher used to make us do it in high school.) If you think you already know the material of a chapter, then just skip to the exercises and try to see if you can do those - if you can, then just continue on. If you can't, then simply check over the chapter again to re-test your knowledge
1.0	This book completely fails to realistically convey the relative risks and profit potential for the average wannabe day trader.  Im talking about someone with less than a few thousand to play the market.  Unless you have big bucks and Level II quotes forget day trading unless you are very lucky. In the trading parlance, I wish I had a short position on this book at its current price, and could cover my short at the current used price! Save your money
2.0	1. The persective of most writers is shaped by their own experience. Dr.Steele is an American Black, a baby boomer, a member of the academic elite, a liberal arts major, and a political "conservative".This certainly affects his perpective when he discusses social issues.
2.0	 2. I felt that he was on pretty solid ground and made some good points when he was telling about his own experiences growing up in a segregated America and during the civil rights movement. His take on the psychological hangover after the 1964 passage of Civil Rights legislation regarding the attempts by the white power structure to regain "moral authority" by doing GOOD....and the black power advocates ready acceptance of those attempts... helps explain some of the dysfunctional after- effects that are still with us.
2.0	 3. Where I disagree with his analysis - speaking from my own experience and perspective of course - is that he takes the race issue which he says has been pretty well settled in the US and then blows it all out of proportion by saying that white guilt is the underlying cause of nearly every difficult social issue in the last 50 years! And he blames the "dissociating liberals" (whoever they are) for attempting to deal with these social issues. Excuse me, but I recall Nixon and the Reaganites being in power for awhile and the Bush dynasty is still with us and I haven't seen a lot of effort being done to get-together and fix things for average folks here in the good ole US of A. Of course pressing the GUILT button in this mainly Judeo-Christian culture is a sure fire way to get everyones attention.
2.0	 4. My point is that by injecting  blatant partisanship into the discourse he took a premise that people of all persuasions might coalesce around and instead divides us even further.His statement about Red and Blue States was a hoot! How is this helpful? Where are his suggestions for improvement - other than that he thinks Bush &amp; Co. now have the "moral authority" that has been so lacking in America? Some might be inclined to disagree.
2.0	 5. Finally, as a black Dr. Steele misreads me as a white liberal in that I have never felt guilty about my white heritage - only ashamed for the historically extremely dysfunctional behavior of many of our fellow humans - themselves victims of misbegotten religious dogma.If we stop trying to improve our world just because we make mistakes in the process.........and if we fail to learn the lessons of the past,we will be condemned to repeat them or be blown into outer space.Not a happy prospect for this social progressive and fiscal conservative.
4.0	This decades old book will probably go down as one of the most successful books ever. The ideas contained within are certainly valid for any age.
4.0	 This book is about sensitivity, not sensitivity to the weeping child, but the sensitivity required to maintain a successful business. This books speaks about being not only sensitive to your customers, but being sensitive to your employees, a major problem with many companies finding it difficult to survive.
4.0	 Actions speak louder than words, everyone knows it, hardly anybody does it. Empowerment, give people the means and freedom to shine. Listen, quit trying to teach the world, let the world teach you. Keep things simple, simplicity allows for focus and leads to success. Easy concepts to understand, not so easy to apply. This book is about principles.
4.0	 It could certainly be argued that most of the advice given in this book is anecdotal, but this fact is also why it has lasted this long as a viable text. Those that want to argue this point are usually the same individuals that don't understand the principals and don't apply them, hence why they need this the most. Sure, most people intuitively know these principles, but how many need reminded?
4.0	 People are moved more by general concepts that are flexible enough to be applied to most situations. This book provides just that
1.0	This book teaches people the unethical way to advertise on the internet - spamming.  Following these methods, at worse, will put you in legal trouble. At best, you will be making money unethically and making lots of people angry.  These stupid get rich quick internet schemes don't work anyways... don't waste your time or money
4.0	Not sure if this is the last book in the series or not. It ends abruptly. However, it was a good book to read, so 4 stars. I had Artemis Fowl, and 2 Charlie Bone books at the same time. I read all, but my kids dropped Charlie in favor of Artemis. Hence the 4 stars.
4.0	 As usual, the series becomes somewhat predictable - evil always bullies, good never seems strong enough to resist, some unknown char has to help them out
1.0	Excellent book on the life of Benjamin Franklin.  He certainly was a genius and full of surprizes
5.0	I read this book several years ago and it has been  very importan not only in my personal growth as well as being a book I highly recommend for my clients.  Borysenko's ability to write in a profound meaning manner, while  not resorting to technical language.. makes this and other books by her  accessible for laymen.  If you would like to find a light out of the  &amp;quot;dark nights of the soul&amp;quot;, this is the book to read
1.0	I have been a huge fan of Michael Crichton for about 25 years.  However, this book is misleading and dangerous.  Almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees that global warming is real and that we are greatly accelerating this problem (except some scientists affiliated with the petroleum and automobile industries).  
1.0	 Writing a book that disputes global warming would be like writing a book that disputes the holocaust - Mr. Crichton could just as easily have written a book about how the holocaust did not really happen, and provide plenty of "references" to support this premise.  Tragically, in the long term, global warming could be far more destructive than even the holocaust.  
1.0	 I hope that someday Mr. Crichton recognizes that, in addition to his enormous talent for entertaining, he has enormous influence on people's thoughts and actions through his books.  There is a quote: "With great power comes great responsibility."  But in this case it would seem: "With great power comes great profit at the expense of the planet.
1.0	I was given three months to read this book, and each time I picked it up I threw it down in disgust.  Between the none-stop Johnny Appleseed referances to the Collegian's Guide to Growing Pot, it is amazing I got through it.  I am convinced he was once a Columbian drug lord
5.0	I saw Dr. Polk on C-SPAN a month or two ago.  He was addressing a gathering of concerned and apparently well-heeled citizens in the New York Museum of Art--as I recall.  He had the crowd and the moderator in the palm of his hands.  I found him to be a compelling speaker who obviously was very versed in the subject matter of Iraq.  He seemed to genuinely care about the Iraqi people--and the Amercian people.  His speech and this book was about correcting our "present march of folly"--to steal from Barbara Tuchman's fine book title.
5.0	 This book is a primer on Iraq from Dr. Polk's point of view.  It does offer a "broad sweep" of Iraqi history in a mere 200+ pages.  It's purpose is obviously as an introductory historical primer for literate, reasonably educated Americans so that they can understand the basic historical circumstances leading up to the present conflict.  I think he wrote the book to try to change more American minds and effect a change in our present policy.  That change seems to be coming about as I hit these keys.  Both the Iraqi public and American public seem to be losing patience with the present intolerable set of affairs in Iraq.
5.0	 It's quite unfortunate that some of the Amazon reviewers have so much trouble accepting some very basic facts.  They, like the occupant of the White House and the rather motley crew that surrounds him seem to live in their own separate reality.  We need, as a people, to give up our collective fairy tales about our country, its leaders, and its forever "good intentions."  
5.0	 This is a very approachable book.  Highly recommended for those who have little background in the history of Iraq.  Another very good book that another reviewer recommended is:  "The Future of Iraq" by Liam Anderson and Gareth Stansfield.  Their analysis results in the conclusion that Iraq will break into 3 pieces.  Hopefully, in some sort of federated pattern rather than as warring nations.  I remember Seymour Hirsch saying that the three part outcome was virtually inevitable given the circumstances on the ground in Iraq.  He based this on his sources in Iraq.  He made this statement in the spring on C-SPAN.  Seems quite prescient. 
5.0	'The Glorious Cause' is the second in Shaara's two volume piece historical fiction concerning the Revolutionary War. 'Rise to Rebellion' was the first, and I believe the superior of the two, but 'The Glorious Cause' is an excellent novel as well.
5.0	 'Rise to Rebellion' was the superior of the two novels due to the changes of heart that the readers sees in John Adams and Benjamin Franklin concerning the issue of independence from England. 'The Glorious Cause' has little of that type deep soul-searching. However, it is a fantastic portrayal of the difficulties encountered by the Continental Army and George Washington, in particular.
5.0	 If I were to have my druthers, I would have preferred that Shaara had broken this 600+ page novel into two novels and expanded them both by delving more into the politics of the day and the difficulties of fighting a war with the governmental structures and restrictions that the Contintenal Congress was hampered with. 
5.0	 In addition, more battles and fronts could have been explored, such as the ill-fated American invasion of Canada and Benedict Arnold's naval adventures on Lake Champlain.
5.0	 That being said, these are still a highly recommended novels - either for the American Revolution novice or the enthusiast. 
5.0	 Well done, Mr. Shaara
5.0	Great book!  We had the 2006 edition for my 7-year-old son last year and he couldn't wait to get his hands on the new 2007.  He takes it to school for free reading time and all of the kids love it.  Even our friend's 12-year-old says it's very popular among that age group as well.  It's great because it has something for everyone, is educational, and the sections can be read in short sittings.  The cover is almost worn out because he takes it everywhere.  We now give this book as gifts all the time
1.0	My daughter and I had listened to the first two audio books, "The Bad Beginning" and "The Reptile Room", both narrated by Tim Curry, so we were very disappointed by "The Wide Room." Tim Curry was a fabulous narrator, why did they not continue to use him? His voice has just the right quality of evil mischief to it, and as an actor he really brought the book to life. Often, the person who wrote the book is not the best person to read it and this is the case with Lemony Snicket. His whiney, lispy voice was so bad it was a distraction. Curry's fabulous, velvety voice oozed malice and delight and the loss of him was a loss to the quality of the story. Lemony Snicket narrating his own story is truly an "Unfortunate Event!
5.0	After reading many of the reviews here, I note that opinion seems divided on whether it's truly a good Heinlein book or not. Most still consider it a pretty fair Heinlein yarn, and yet all the reviews I read missed one of the main points of the novel--which is the main reason why it's so interesting--whether it's a great Heinlein novel or not.
5.0	 Many have already commented on the various themes of the book, most of which will already be familiar to Heinlein fans. The one that was new was the bigotry against the main character, an artificial and genetically enhanced human. It seems most readers found this reaction unlikely, although this theme pervades the entire work. One reviewer asserts that it's even the primary idea of the whole book. 
5.0	 Another important theme is the revolt against authority which many Heinlein readers will certainly know from his other books such as The Moon is a Harsh Mistress, Double Star, Citizen of the Galaxy, Stranger in a Strange Land, Sixth Column, Revolt in 2100, and others.
5.0	 The theme of the competent man also takes center stage in this book, another famous and familiar Heinlein theme, although in this book it's a competent, genetically enhanced female.
5.0	 However, all these interpretations, although true, miss one very important point. In Heinlein's novels, the world is often a very unstable and even dangerous place--but there is always hope, and optimism that conditions will be better in the future. Often the main characters in Heinlein's books are intimately involved in this struggle to overthrow oppressive governments--and usually succeeding, thereby creating a better life for themselves.
5.0	 So no matter how precarious and dark life in the present might be, Heinlein always had hope for the future and seemed confident that humans would throw off the yoke of oppression, establish a better society, and basically good would win out over evil. But in this novel, he appears to have at least partly, perhaps substantially, abandoned that hope in favor of a much darker, more dismal, and depressing future for humanity, at least on earth. Better prospects can be found off-planet on several newly colonized worlds.
5.0	 The evidence for this isn't hard to find, but is scattered throughout the book in various narratives, and in conversations between Friday and her boss, Dr. Baldwin. By the way, Kettle Belly Baldwin has not appeared, to my knowledge, in another Heinlein book since Gulf, published in 1949. However, all of the other characters are new. So one of the charms of the book is that one gets to meet a lot of new characters, making this book different from almost all of Heinlein's later output, and an old but memorable character is brought back to life in a new context.
5.0	 But getting back to my point, Heinlein makes it clear the earth is economically and politically deteriorating, with most of the world now completely Balkanized into hundreds of small, petty states, each with its own unpleasant idiosyncrasies. Heinlein says most of these small states are faceless ciphers, with a few larger, powerful states remaining. 
5.0	 The U.S. is no different, being divided into several smaller sovereign states, along with Canada. But these smaller states are often co-belligerants or are at war with each other. It's said that peace rarely lasts more than a month. In one coup that occurs in the Chicago Imperium by militant Republicans, Democrats are rounded up and executed--including their children down to the age of 14.
5.0	 Another alarming idea is that the large international corporations, such as IBM or the Shipstone Corp., are also participants and instigators of these wars, and sometimes wipe out entire cities, such as Acapulco. These corporations are hard to fight, since they have no single geographical location, and in the book, the internationals seem to be winning over the real or geographically "localized" countries. These super corporations are completely ruthless and immoral and killing for hire and mass murder by them are common.
5.0	 Heinlein holds out little hope the situation will ever improve--he sees elected officials as venal and corrupt parasites feeding at the public trough and mouthing fatuous platitudes for consumption by an impotent and perhaps naive public--a much darker and more cynical interpretation of politics than that portrayed in Starship Troopers, The Moon is a Harsh Mistress, or Double Star, in which, if I remember correctly, one character remarks that politics is the only game a mature man can take any pleasure in.
5.0	 Even con artists and grifters Heinlein sees as more noble--at least they're hardworking independents who aren't on the dole and are trying to earn an "honest" living. :-)  Government and personal corruption are also ubiquitous. The police are not to be trusted in the book, and disposing of them if possible is considered a good idea--as long as one can get away with it, of course. For a client who is powerful and wealthy enough, even physicians can be made to arrange for a certain patient to "die" on the operating table. In fact, almost no one in any position of authority--except Friday's boss, Baldwin, seems to be trustworthy.
5.0	 In conversations with her boss, Dr. Baldwin, he tells Friday she needs to get off planet because of what's happening on earth and asks her how one can tell if a society is truly sick--that being when normal conventions of politeness and manners have deteriorated into rudeness--which the people now take as a sign of strength. In the book, the good people always seem to be on the run and are persecuted--while the evil flourish unhindered. An epidemic of cholera or bubonic plague that could kill millions is predicted, possibly because of a conspiracy. But Baldwin sees this as a social good since cities are so overpopulated and dysfunctional already that thinning out the population--however it is achieved--is a worthwhile goal.
5.0	 So overall, it seems a darker and more pessimistic future than anything Heinlein had ever imagined up to this time. But one of Heinlein's strengths is his ability to create believable alternate realities--which again comes through here--however dark and depressing it might be. Whether it's one of his greatest books or not, I think it counts as an unusual and worthwhile Heinlein book because of that
5.0	I am an avid fan of Lost and found this book to be a great resource, as well as a starting point for some new thought on the subject.  There is a lot to keep track of in this TV series (characters' current lives on the island, flashbacks to characters' previous lives, plot twists, philosophy. . .etc)  and the details that are catalogued in this book have been revelatory to me.  Having all those details laid out in front of me has helped me to think about my own and others' theories on Lost and make some interesting connections and even some dismissals.  This book is for the thinking fan who wants an accessible resource and insightful discussion of an incredible series.  I have also loaned this book to a friend who I wanted to get interested in Lost, and she has found it most helpful and is now HOOKED on the series.  There is also a section on fansites and blog resources that has been really fun to peruse. I have even run into one of the authors online and gotten to chat. Very cool!  In short, this book has it all!
1.0	I don't know what to say about this book. It is the single worst book I have ever read in my young life.  I feel like I've witnessed a horrible tragedy and am at a loss for words to describe it.  I would say at some point in the book, maybe about halfway, every line of dialogue, every characterization, every plot point, is absolutely terrible.  This book is truly an offense to literacy, and I cannot understand how a publisher of any merit or author could publish and print this trash.  I can only imagine that Robin Cook either allowed a child to write this book,or was chronically drunk while writing it. Either that or he has lost his faculties altogether. I have read children's essays that have been better written.
1.0	 While it would take a novel to explain all the problems with this book, the highlights are:
1.0	 -knowing the mystery 50 pages into the book and being forced to painfully watch the dumb characters discover the mystery
1.0	 -cliche mania with lines like, "I going to get to the bottom of this mystery" and when the character's discover something, giving each other high-fives.
1.0	 -racist remarks about blacks living in harlem about how they like to steal televisions, own guns, and play basketball.
1.0	 -stereotype characters such as mafioso that like to eat spaghetti and named dominick and vinny.
1.0	 -incredible suspension of disbelief when the heros, nyc coroners, fly off to africa on a moments notice because they want to finish their case of a dead body. (also paying for their friends to come too)
1.0	 -wandering around the main installation easily where the evildoers are working, and asking questions, and getting answers to them real easy.
1.0	 -incredible annoying characters that make inappropriate jokes. (i.e. making sarcastic remarks to a guy holding a gun on them)
1.0	 -the book spirals into total madness in the last 50 pages to a beyond implausible ending. I got a sense whoever wrote the end of book was on sleeping pills when he wrote it.
1.0	 If anyone thinks this book is better than two stars, they need their head examined.
1.0	Thank god I got this from the library and didn't buy it.  It's terrible.  And the ending is so abrupt I turned the next page expecting to read more and was shocked that the book was over.  The sex is icky and there's little else in the book
4.0	I acutally read the entire book unlike almost all of the people who gave this book a bad rating.  Ann Coulter is a Conservative genius.  She pokes holes in the liberal agenda like no one else.  She is intelligent, and makes very good arguements.  The only reason this book got 4 stars instead of 5 is because the last chapter was a bit dull.  This is some of her earlier writing, and therefore was not the best.  She should have put this chapter closer to the beginning, so it wouldn't be the last thing the reader remembers.  
4.0	 Other than the last chapter, this book is filled with great humor, while still being informative and making her arguements.  She includes some publisher notes from her articles to show that the media does have a liberal bias (even though they say they don't)...this book should be on everyone's must read list!!
2.0	Timeline is equivalent to a 99 cent taco. It's an indulgent bit of junk food.
2.0	 Timeline starts with a Hillerman-esque scientist turning up in the middle of New Mexico - an intriguing idea, but goes to the land of mediocracy right after that filled with cartoon characters.
2.0	 There are so many preposterous story elements that it's just really difficult to take seriously. The story is ever-predictable and ludicrous.
2.0	 But, a 99 cent taco is worth the effort if you're real hungry.
2.0	 Go back and read Andromeda Strain.
1.0	In his book, The Four Agreements, Don Miguel Ruiz, embodies four principles for experiencing personal freedom in life.  He says that we should be impeccable with our words, not to take anything personally, don't make assumptions, and to always do our best. The basis for some of the agreements we make with ourselves stem from early childhood training through a series of rewards and punishments from our parents.  He calls this process "domestication" (p. 6). Ruiz says that 95% of the beliefs we hold are nothing but lies and that most of our agreements are based upon the fear of rejection.  The agreements that he gives are meant to free us from the emotional bonds that get in the way of our personal energy and to transform our lives.
1.0	 While there are various nuggets of truth throughout the book, some of it goes off into the abyss where he takes a thought and carries it to what I would consider to be to be an illogical conclusion. In some instances he uses biblical scripture to support his claims; however, in looking further, he takes some of the passages from the Bible out of context.  Some of his ideas are presented as if they were new ideas, but I would think most of us by a young age, should already an understanding of these principles. Although his book has been highly rated, I hold the position that Mr. Ruiz lacks credibility and logic as a writer, therefore, losing good standing with me as a reader.
1.0	 According to Ruiz, as children we are not given the opportunity to choose our own beliefs.  When we go against the rules we are punished (or rewarded for compliance). The fear of rejection leads us to agree with, or become something that we are not. In essence, we become a carbon copy of someone else, such as our parents.  He says our normal tendencies are lost and we judge other people based upon these agreements.  He boldly states, lacking statistical data to back it up, that 95% of our beliefs are based upon a lie (13).
1.0	 The implication is that we are merely nothing more than a society of mindless, "domesticated" individuals, hurting ourselves, judging and victimizing other people along the way.  This kind of thinking negates the teachings associated with parenthood and the positive aspects they bring to our lives. By his interpretation, if 95% of what we believe is a lie, then 95% of what our parents taught us is also a lie.  I would disagree.  There are many people who exist today as viable, productive members of society who I'm sure would point out they too became a copy of someone else's beliefs and values.  If these role models are only filling our heads with lies and teaching us how not to be ourselves, by his interpretation, we don't need parents, teachers, or leaders. He undermines our personal paradigms and omits that as adults we do have the ability to choose a different path, which I believe is our right of passage. By his rational we lose the ability to choose our own destiny.  Instead, we become victims of it.
1.0	   
1.0	 One of the few things we agree upon is his first agreement, be impeccable with your word; however, he misquotes the bible (John 1:1) when he says "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God, and the word was God."  He uses it to epitomize the use of "word" as in what one speaks (26).  Looking a little further down in that passage, it also says "The word was made flesh and dwelt among us".  This passage is not talking about a form of speech, or speaking, but rather "Jesus Christ".  Christ became flesh and dwelt among us.  In that same chapter he says that "sin begins with rejection of yourself" (31).  However, in Christianity it says that sin is a transgression of the law (1 John 3:4) and that sin is neglecting to do God's will (James 4:7).  It's not about self, but about disobeying God's ordinances. While I agree that watching what we say is something we all need to strive for, this is not a new concept.  Most children have learned by the age of 6 that if you don't have something nice to say, don't say it at all.
1.0	 In his second agreement, don't take anything personally; he says that nothing people do is because of you. While this is true to some degree, he leads the reader down a path of illogical extremes when he says that even if someone took a gun and shot you in the head, it was nothing personal.  So in essence, when Mary Jo Buttafuoco was shot by Amy Fisher, her expression of displeasure regarding Amy's behavior was nothing more than a fundamental form of projection because according to Ruiz "you are dealing with yourself, not me" (51).  No, realistically, Mary Jo Buttafuoco was shot because Amy Fisher wanted her dead. This kind of logic encourages victims to remain in dysfunctional relationships and perpetrators to continue abusing victims.  As an American, I'm glad that someone took 9/11 personally.
1.0	 According to Mr. Ruiz he takes neither destructive nor constructive criticism.  It seems arrogant to place myself so far above reproach, that I would turn a deaf ear to all forms of criticism.  When my College writing professor, gave me his opinion regarding my work, if I were following the authors line of reasoning, I would believe that my professor was "trying to poison my mind and was feeding me his emotional garbage" as Mr. Ruiz suggests (49). I would rather believe that my instructor has my best interests at heart and is seeking to teach me how to become a better writer.
1.0	 Another agreement is about not making assumptions in life.  He says when we make assumptions, in essence, we create unnecessary drama.  Unfortunately we live in a world where that is not entirely possible.  Assumption is a necessary part of a thought and reason; even within the scientific community a hypothesis (or assumption) is formed in order to test a theory.  In order come to school each day I must make assumptions that my instructor has a college degree, and that he or she must be reliable enough in life to make it to work everyday.
1.0	 In his forth agreement, always do your best, he claims it is based upon the actions of the other three agreements, stating they will only work if you do your best.  Again, these are fundamental principles that almost any child has learned.  
1.0	 While Ruiz does indeed present some viable ideas, his concepts begin to unravel when he doesn't back up his statements with facts, but instead takes a basic concept and follows an illogical line of reasoning to reach his final conclusion.  I can't completely discount everything that he says, but he lost credibility with me by some of his assumptions and weak rationalizations.
1.0	Robert G. Allen is a notorious and relentless internet spammer.  If you should happen to somehow end up on one of his email lists like I did, he will send you several junk emails a day.  Unsubscribing doesn't work, and trying to block the sender's domain is useless because the emails are sent from a different domain every time.  The funny part is that the emails aren't even coded properly.  They always show up as just a bunch of html code.  Would you really take internet money-making advice from a guy who can't even code html properly?  Anyway, his spamming practices are completely illegal and it's only a matter of time before the law catches up with him.  But that shouldn't come as any surprise considering that mister Allen has been in trouble with the law before.  He's had several run-ins with the IRS, lawsuits against him, and a chapter 7 bankruptcy.  I would also stay away from his Nothing Down real estate methods.  Many of those practices are illegal, and the president of the Nothing Down club in Atlanta wound up in federal prison because of it.  For more info on Allen, visit johntreed dottcomm, click on Real Estate Investing, then click Real Estate Guru Ratings.  Bottom line, don't trust this guy and don't buy his books. And if you're reading this Mr. Allen, take me off your @%#&amp;*$ mailing list!!
5.0	I haven't finished it.  In fact, I'm not a quarter through it; but Stephen has not written better - Salem's Lot, Dark Tower I, Shining, Misery.  For a person who was going to quit, he reached deep inside and grabbed something truely special.
5.0	 Gary
2.0	This book is important for the historian who wishes to get a glimpse into the workings of the mind of an important figure in American Revolutionary history, but it doesn't stand on its own. It is written almost entirely as a response to Edmund Burke's "Reflections on the Revolution in France", so I would not recommend reading this one until and unless one has read that one. Otherwise, it is impossible to judge the fairness of the rebuttals of Burke's points, as one only sees them through Paine's perspective, and Paine is far from a fair and impartial debater; he misses no opportunity to belittle his opponent's arguments, and even his opponent himself. I would not be at all surprised to discover that he gives an inaccurate picture of what Burke had to say, particularly given that history speaks rather better of Burke's misgivings than of Paine's panegyrics. Both books were written before the Reign of Terror that resulted from the revolution in 1793; the second part of this book came out in early 1792. Also, history shows us just how silly some of Paine's claims for a Republican, representative government are: 200+ years of representative government in the US have hardly banished wars, or the high taxes associated with them, even though the world as a whole is far more democratic than it was at his time. He makes some good points, and certainly it is hard to stand up against him in favor of hereditary monarchy, but it is apparent that he failed to see that not ALL "democratic" movements were necessarily benificent, even if it would be hard to have much sympathy for the autocratic regime that they overthrow
5.0	this is my first stephen king book, well first and a half i guess, i got halfway through dreamcatcher and completely lost interest, so i started this.  I started this book 3 months ago, reading it only once or twice a week, but gradually i started to read it more and more.  I have spent the last week reading it non-stop, i just finished it about 20 minutes ago.  Anyways, this is a great book, i found it especially fascinating because it is a story about 3 kids in their late teens(and of course a killer car) and me being a teenager, natrually loved this book.  From the first sentance to the last, i had full interest.  I found i could relate to the characters quite often.  
5.0	 It starts off with long time best-friends Arnie Cunningham and Dennis Guidler.  While driving home from work ( maybe it was on the way to work) Arnie spots a run down garabage '58 plymouth and instantly falls in love.  He buys the car from a bitter old man named Roland LeBay(little did i kno that LeBay plays such a big part in the book).  Throughout the book, Arnie spends his time with non-other than Christine(the name of the car), until he starts going out with the preetiest girl in school.  Arnie starts to change at this point. He is no longer the biggest nerd in school, and he is changing both physically and mentally.  But pretty soon the car starts to take over his life, and take the lives of others. This book is all about a love triangle(or in this case quadrilateral) between Arnie, Leigh(arnies girlfriend), Dennis and Christine.
5.0	 I recommend this book 100%. I was actually a little afraid to read the ending of it, because I HATED the end of dreamcathcer( i watched the movie after reading half of the book) and I was not to crazy about the last 20 minutes of IT(the movie, I have yet to read the book), but this book had the best ending (in my opinion) of any book I have ever read. Trust me, you will not be disappointed
1.0	The second tape does not move backwards or forwards. I am very diappointed
5.0	I loved this book.  The pacing was perfect, the characters well-drawn, and the writing style engaging.  Mickey Haller, the Lincoln lawyer of the title, and protagonist, is a hustler who works out of the back seat of one of his Lincolns.  He gets embroiled in a case that should be a real money maker.  The author uses this background to set up a very believable ethical dilemma that makes this novel a very compelling read.  This is the first Michael Connelly book I've read, but based on this one, I'm going back to read his others
2.0	This book is about Dave's late high school years, while he was in the foster care system.  This book talks about some friends that have helped him through some tough times.
2.0	 I thought this book would talk more about his experiences and feelings about the foster care system, which we were initially led to believe.  But the book turned out to be more of a "guy" book, talking about his adventures and mishaps with his friends.  This might be interesting to teenage boys, but for a broader audience, this book didn't seem as interesting.  The experiences in foster care didn't really seem to come through as much.
2.0	 The book seemed to ramble on and on about certain points and seemed to go off in a tangent at times.  As a result, the book became a little boring.  I also didn't care for some of the foul language in the book, which to me, often detracts from the point that the book is trying to get across.
2.0	 About the review from the lady from New Zealand...it was not necessary to single me out in your review.  The point of these reviews is to review the book, not the reviewers.  
2.0	 Secondly, I did not like the book.  Plain and simple.  That is OK.  Not every book jives with everybody.  I don't feel that people who are grateful for the simple pleasures in life are boring.  I said that the book itself was boring and to me, it seemed to lose focus.  You do not have to agree with me, as I don't agree with you.  I am free to express my opinions on these books.
2.0	 And yes, I read "Lost Boy", but the book initially led me to believe that it would have more in it about the foster care time period in Dave's life.  You see, I was in 3 foster homes as a kid, and to me, reading about foster care experiences from other people is always interesting to me.
2.0	 So please, just focus your reviews on the books, not on the reviewers.  I had a legitimate opinion on the book and I expressed it.  I'm sure I'll lose helpful votes on what I've just said to "Gingerwoman", but it's important that we focus on reviewing books and not each other
2.0	Life is too short to be spent reading drivel.  Stuart Woods was really off the mark with this book.  You shouldn't rest on your laurels Mr. Woods, your audience deserves better.  I've enjoyed your past books very much, but this one left a lot to be desired.  I was very put off by Stone Barrington's bed-hopping activities in this story.  With Arrington (mother of his son) one night, then with Holly the next, I don't recall him being quite that indescriminate in other books.  The plot was relly silly and contrived, it must have been that the publisher was pressing for a story, never mind quality.  Don't waste your money on this one
2.0	...you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library.
2.0	 If you want to get an "inside view" of the inner workings of Wall Street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s, then read Den of Theives - that book is well written and well worth the money!
2.0	 What turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style.  The first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of Serendipity.  He was simply in the right place at the right time, had virutally no idea how he got there, felt out of place the whole time (even when he was raking in the Big Bucks in NY and London), and so now he thought he'd wwrite a book about it.  I also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at Salomon Brothers.  He was there, he made a lot of money, good for him - get over it!
2.0	 I was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has A LOT more potential.  I might have actually enjoyed it - had I not read Den of Theives 7 years earlier, and already had some idea of how things took place.  But, if you can get it for $5 or less (including shipping), and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker's life is like (and you haven't also seen the movie Wall Street (which covers the same highlights in this book)), then it's probably worth it.
2.0	 I did like the wrap up he did towards the end of the book, relating where he had heard everyone from the firm ended up...althought that seemed a little rushed..
2.0	I was disappointed with this book after reading all the rave reviews others had submitted.  Carolyn touched on a wide range of topics briefly, and most of her advice would be applicable to people fresh out of school, as those who have already been working for a while would have encountered those situations and found a way to manage them by now
5.0	Pratt took his many years of valuation experience and put it in this one book.  The book reviews the theory and practice of how to derive a discount rate for use in a DCF.  At present, it's the best book in print for appraisers
4.0	The way you think in the lab and the office really can directly impact innovation.  Even though this book was written about business, I have learned how to reapply its lessons to innovation - specifically Kenichi helps to define and measure success and define the "deliverables" or "outputs" that innovation has to produce in order to become a reality.  Kenichi has a clear description of the biggest factors (the 3 C's) impacting your success in business - the company, the competition,and the customer/consumer.  If you look at innovation in this context, Kenichi is actually also helping us innovators define "what success looks like": the product/technology the company makes, how technically different or better it is than competitive benchmarks or alternatives in the marketplace, and whether conusmers like it and want it.  On the projects I have worked on, advised others on, or simply observed the ones that make consistently hit at least all 3 of these deliverables and often additional deliverables to. Those that fall short of all 3 consistently fail.  Hope this helps scientists, managers, entrepreneurs, and anyone with a creative or problem solving mind.
4.0	 Dr. Ali Alwattari
4.0	 Innovation Author and Practitione
5.0	Highly recommended for personal insights. Densely packed with information clarifying difficult concepts.
5.0	 This book will give you some clear insights into things you may not have received along the way and how to get past those. Although it is thin, the book has an incredibly large amount of information in it. This is the kind of book you will read the first time with an expression of "Wow" on your face. It will then be something that you will be drawn back to read again and again.
5.0	 Even if you don't feel you "missed anything" along the way, the books insights and examples will provide great insights to you. It will provide great understanding of the self and others, therefore anyone can benefit from reading it.
5.0	 If you liked Fromm's The Art Of Loving you will love this book as well. The premise of this book being, we are all gifted and it is up to us to reclaim that understanding.
5.0	 EXCELLENT self-help material
5.0	I loved it and look forward to more of her books.  
5.0	 The lead character was very likable and it was fun watching her journey through the break-up and divorce and how she was able to cope.  It is a book of hope for anyone who has had marital problems or just pure fantasy and fun for those who have not
1.0	This book, the author and his company is a joke. Don't waste your money
4.0	No one likes difficult conversations, but we must have them. This book guides you in dealing positively with these situations and conversations to make the best possible outcome
5.0	It is an awesome book. If you don't believe me and the other reviewers, go to the library and read it to see for yourself. It is definitely worth reading
1.0	This is the story of Sheriff Bell, an insufferable dullard who won't shut up about how criminals these days are really evil (as opposed to all the lovely ones he knew of when growing up?). 
1.0	 He's also a world-class boaster, never going more than a few pages without telling us how fantastic is wife Loretta is. The same Loretta who spends most of her time baking for or writing to evil criminals -- which tells me all I need to know about that marriage.
1.0	 The yakkity-yakking doesn't stop there. An even bigger gas-bag is Chigurh, the motor-mouthed murderer. In fact, he kills people twice. Before he shoots 'em, he bores 'em to death. His weapon of choice: Lectures about coins. (His final kill took so long, I had to restrain myself from flingling the book across the train carriage.)
1.0	 On the technical front, McCarthy does not structure the drama in the Classical way. He chose the Boring way. The majority of scenes end exactly as you expect and only one character (Moss) has a believable goal. McCarthy also omits the obligatory final scene, between Chigurh and his prey Moss, which was the only reason I kept reading the book. No doubt this is to defy the expectations of the reader. Expectations that this might turn out to be a decent story, in my case. 
1.0	 What's more, Sheriff Bell has no scenes with either Chigurh or Moss, making him a narrator with zero personal stake in the action. Because McCarthy writes good, visual dialogue, he gets away with an inconsequntial narrator for the first half of the story. But when the man on the run (Moss) exits the story, there is no other character to invest in, so the plot grinds to a halt. McCarthy cannot resusitate it because there is no connection whatever between the two remaining main players.
1.0	 So, does McCarthy put us out of our misery? No. Sheriff Bell waffles on for pages and pages about Vietnam, not unlike John Goodman's character Walter in the Big Lebowski. And that's it.
1.0	 My verdict: I hope Loretta runs away with a criminal. Preferably one of them new evil ones
4.0	`The Foster's Market Cookbook' by Sara Foster, with Sarah Belk King, I bought in my `buy everything I saw on the Food Network' phase, especially after I saw Sarah Foster demonstrate her killer sticky bun recipe on the Food Network's `In Martha's Kitchen' show. This was also in my sticky bun-baking period, before I gave it up as too much work and went back to straight breads.
4.0	 One of the main reasons the book sat unopened on my shelves for so long was the fact that the `killer sticky bun' recipe was simply not that killer. Do not believe anyone when they say they have an easy sticky bun recipe, because it probably means the end result will fall below expectations. Around the same time, I did a sticky bun recipe from funny baker Wayne Harley Brachman, and that one didn't come up to snuff anyway. Leave it to Julia Child to come through for me. I did the sticky bun recipe in `Baking with Julia' and it was a LOT of work, but it in fact surpassed anything you can get from the mall.
4.0	 But getting back to Sarah Foster's book, I have come back to it because I harbored s suspicion that there was some really good stuff in the book, and I was not disappointed.
4.0	 Part of my attraction is that I am a sucker for any cookbook that covers sandwiches. While I think Foster's sandwich recipes are not as interesting or as complete as those in Nancy Silverton's whole book devoted to the subject, they are a great resource if you happen to have no other source of ideas for sandwiches.
4.0	 Otherwise, the book covers everything you would expect, and it is especially strong on topics where you would expect expertise such as muffins, biscuits, scones, soups, salads, and egg dishes. On one of my favorite criteria for evaluating cookbooks, the recipe for a classic French omelet, Foster comes through like a champ. The only omelet tip she does not follow is to let the eggs come to room temperature before cracking and beating them, but then, this is probably quite impractical for a restaurant kitchen.
4.0	 She is also quite good on another of my favorite criteria, the making of stocks. Her recipes are very good for non-foodies and people who care not for haute cuisine, as they do not take very long to produce a very acceptable chicken, vegetable, or beef stock. My only reservations may be that some of her suggestions may lead to waste perfectly good poached chicken on the one hand and include less than edible vegetable cuttings into stocks. There is a reason some people are hyperfussy about stock making. These are but two of the reasons.
4.0	 I fully endorse Ms. Foster's recipes for muffins, biscuits, and scones. They are as good or better than recipes I have seen in books by professional bakers and books specializing in these subjects.
4.0	 The hardest aspect of whether it is worth buying this book is how if will complement your current cookbook collection. If you are a cookbook collector, the question is moot. Nothing will stop you from getting this notable title. On the other hand, if all you have is `The Joy of Cooking', this would be a welcome supplement, as like fellow Martha Stewart alumnae, Ina Garten's early cookbooks, all the recipes come from a commercial kitchen which depends on their products for good business and the products are relatively easy to make.
4.0	 This also means that the selection of recipes is very good fare for church bazaars and bake sales. While Foster is downsizing her recipes to household serving numbers, I am sure that her soups would work well at two to four to eight times her recipe size. Just be a little careful on multiplying some of the spicier ingredients.
4.0	 I find all the recipes extremely well written. They are full of important details for amateur chefs and unlike some books, everything is printed in good old fashioned black and white with a little highlight shading here and there for sidebars. And, several dishes are presented in living color photographs, and little real estate is taken up by cutsie pics of Foster's Market staff and customers. My only argument with the layout of the book is the chapter title pages where the names of the recipes are written in a kind of multicolored hodgepodge, similar to the maddening typography in Jamie Oliver's otherwise excellent cookbooks.
4.0	 Fostering this kind of material is what made Martha Stewart so respectable in what she did on her shows. Of this genre of cookbook, this is a very good sample. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for recipes from this `feel good market' venue. I think, for example, that it is more value for the money than Ina Garten's first cookbook.
2.0	I agree with one the comments posted below. The main problem with this book is Mitch is a totally one-dimensional character and it's impossible to find any depth in him. Over the course of the book he doesn't change, he's unsympathetic, and by the time we've reached page 500, we don't know anything more about him than we did on page 10. I found myself dying to get to the end of this book, just so I could start another book with some substance and some well-drawn characters.
2.0	 Another major problem is that most of the characters in this book use the same wise-cracking speaking style so there is no sense of the characters being different from each other in any way.
2.0	 Overall, I thought this was mediocre and a bit of a waste of time
5.0	I love all of his books they are great.This one I was a little sad but it has a great ending
5.0	At a time when people are more and more likely to communicate through text messaging and emails, instead of the deeper more nourishing and empowering exchange of a face-to-face, this book truly comes at the right time! 
5.0	 If you are in sales, or journalism, or you want to have a meaningful relationship, have a deep understanding of how to effectively lead a team by understanding what's happening past the overt representations of communication such as facial expression and vocabulary...
5.0	 ...or just want to understand from a scientific observation what those little instincts and 'inner-senses' really mean and can do for you...
5.0	 ...this book will take your understanding of the inner workings of social 'energy' to a new level.
5.0	 Goleman takes the reader to deeper understanding of neuroscience and how humans are hardwired to respond in a number of varied (previously so mysterious), yet effective ways...if we just listen to what we're 'hearing/feeling'.
5.0	 Humans are emotional and subconconscious sponges of life experience; and Goleman's 'Social Intelligence' great follow-up to his prior hit 'Emotional Intelligence' is the perfect material to beneficially get that deeper understanding and appreciation of your deep, neurological responses during person-to-person interactions
1.0	Although this book would appear to have a lot of promise, it ultimately fails. Like Mr. Taylor's self-proclaimed &amp;quot;Certified Professional Landlord&amp;quot; title (Fill in your name on page 218 for your own bogus certification!), these phony forms are imaginative but have little to no legal standing. Worse, Taylor apparently has little respect for his tenants. One form, the &amp;quot;Tenant Late Rent Warning and Excuses&amp;quot; form (&amp;quot;To be given to new, renewing, and late tenants.&amp;quot;) asks tenants to mark a box as to why their rent was late. Sample excuses: I was mugged. &amp;quot;You didn't come by when I had the money,&amp;quot; &amp;quot;I didn't have a stamp,&amp;quot; &amp;quot;I'm dead.&amp;quot; A chuckle for a landlord, but also a cynical and unprofessional suggestion. Taylor's advice on handling phone calls from prospective residents is even worse - he promotes using a hard-sell interrogation on the first contact that seems destined to drive away prospective tenants. Anyone with intentions to do good business would be well served to get more professional advice than this extremely disappointing book
1.0	I like to use the Amazon reviews when purchasing books, especially alert for dissenting perceptions about higly rated items, which usually disuades me from a selection.  So I offer this review that seriously questions the popularity of this work - I found it smug, self-serving and self-indulgent, written by a person with little or no empathy, especially for the people he castigates. For example, his portrayal of the family therapist seems implausible and reaches for effect and panders to the 
1.0	 "shrink" bashers of the world. This "play for effect" tone throughout the book was very distasteful to me
1.0	Most first novels really are not that great but usually when an author produces a sequal there is a definate improvement but I found no such improvement when trying to read this one.
1.0	 I figured I owed the author a second chance by reading his second novel. 
1.0	 What can I say, for all the hype, this book is typical of many published this day by members of the self styled 'Creative Class'. Politically Correct. As subtle as a Hammer. As narrow minded as the generation that the author condemns except far less productive and much less imaginative. Hardly any good. 
1.0	 Truth is I found it rather juvenile. In my my mind I found myself editing out the excess wordage. Perhaps half could be deleted without effecting the story. There really isn't much here.  Indeed It isn't a good story. No challenge to the reader at all. Blow away the baddies with modern super technology which to make it sporting the baddies are allowed to have some of.  
1.0	 It has all the defects of the first book compounded. 
1.0	 Toss it.
1.0	My kids started reading the Left Behind Kids books, and because I was concerned about the message and theology of the books, I started reading them also.  Then I decided to check out the "adult" books from the library. 
1.0	 I am a born-again, pentacostal believer in Jesus Christ, and parts of the theology are not what I read in the Bible.  OK.  I can stil enjoy a good book, one with interesting characters, realistic dialogue, and a good plot.  The issue of plot is difficult for the Left Behind books, I admit, because we know who wins if we've read the end of the New Testament.  As to the rest, it fell flat.  Most of the dialogue didn't ring true.  After a few of the books, I was interested in some of the characters, but by the end of the books, there were only a few of the original characters left, and they were some of the least interesting to begin with.  How many times do we have to read through the same sermons from the exact same scriptures in Revelation?  How many times do they have to tell us about the almost affair that someone had back in Book 1?  There is nothing new and interesting in this book. The last book is just boring.  
1.0	 It would have been nice, at the end of the book, to wrap up everything.   Jesus comes back, and everyone should be reunited at the end after the battle is over, right?  Some of the characters that were important early in the books are either barely mentioned or not mentioned at all.  It was an incredible let down.  I felt like I had invested in these books only to see what life would be like for everyone after the battles are over.  Nothing.  We stick with that one main guy, and everyone else is left in the dust.  It should have had a really, really happy ending, but even that was boring.
1.0	 If I had my time back, I would stick to the kid versions, if only to discuss theological issues with my children.  At least in the kid books, the sermons are shorter.  And I will know not to get my hopes up for happy reunions at the end of the series
1.0	I couldn't even begin to count all the things Stanley Coren gets wrong in THE INTELLIGENCE OF DOGS.  For instance, in one section he claims that dogs have the ability to do math but in another part of the book he claims they can't tell the difference between a tug toy and human skin.  The first is clearly way beyond a dog's capacity, while the second is something which comes totally natural to them.  How did Coren get things so backwards?
1.0	 And the "intelligence" tests he provides have nothing to do with intelligence but in how focused or driven a dog is to do the test (or game) while you're doing it.  For instance, I tried one of the tests with my dog by putting a piece of food under a towel, then waited to see how long it took him to find the treat.  I'd still be waiting if I hadn't decided he'd never look under that towel.  Then I tried the same game by teasing my dog with one of his favorite toys.  Then I hid it under the towel, and it took him less than a second to get that toy.  So my dog is apparently both on the smarter and dumber ends of Coren's intelligence spectrum.  (This is just one example, by the way: the whole idea of testing a dog's IQ like this is bogus.)
1.0	 And don't get me started on Coren's pedantic retelling of the alpha myth.  Granted, he wrote this book before the latest research on wild wolf packs proved that there's no such thing as a dominance hierarchy, or an alpha wolf, or the rest of that alpha nonsense.  Though, I doubt if even that data would change Coren's mind.  After all, he seriously recommends rolling your dog over on its back every day and pulling one of the animal's hind legs in the air to create a posture which supposedly "signifies submission to the pack leader."  (Really?  Dogs use "signifiers" now?)
1.0	 The funny thing is, shortly after reading that passage I saw a wolf documentary on TV and the papa wolf did the exact opposite or what Coren recommends!  He rolled over on HIS back and let the pups jump on top of him and bite his nose!  They loved it!  So I tried what the papa wolf did with his pups with my dog--an alpha male, if there ever was one--and HE loved it.  And later that night, on our last walk, he was ten times as obedient to me than he had been before I'd mimicked the papa wolf's behavior.  Again, Coren had everything exactly backwards to reality. 
1.0	 This "through the looking glass" quality persists throughout the book, with Coren even saying that dogs are capable of hypothetical, symbolic, and conceptual thinking.  Wha..?  I'm sorry.  I love dogs and I think they have wonderful abilities that should be honored and respected, but the abilities they DO have are geared for being a dog, not a mini-me with four legs and a tail.  For one thing, fully one third of a dog's brain is devoted to processing olfactory information, and none to processing symbols and concepts.  I think Coren needs to do a little more research on comparative neuroanatomy and actual wolf behavior before he makes more ridiculous claims like the ones he made in this inane book.
1.0	I've read a lot of Stephen King's work, and loved most of it, but 'Firestarter' was a big letdown! 
1.0	 It's not quite in the 'abomination' category of 'From a Buick 8', but at least King could blame that one on his car accident. This one is probably only about as good as 'The Tommyknockers.'
1.0	 The premise is great, but once it gets away from 'Andy and Charlie on the run', and becomes 'The Life Story of Tom Rainbird', it goes downhill very quickly!
1.0	 Not to knock King too much, but as this books goes along, it seems obvious that SK was losing interest, either because he found the two lead characters too limiting for whatever reason, and wanted to 'explore' the supporting characters more; or simply because this book came out fairly early in King's career, when he was known to partake of certain 'substances' which he later swore off!
1.0	 Worth reading only if you really want to read every SK novel. Otherwise, just be glad that nearly every book he wrote after this one(with the exception of the two mentioned above) surpasses 'Firestarter'
2.0	While the book was plentiful of wild, sensual fantasies, I was disappointed in some of them.  Many were hard to believe even for fantasies and many sounded like they were written by illiterates.  If you're looking  for this type of book, I strongly recommend &amp;quot;Women on Top&amp;quot;
1.0	The only problem is even though it's only a penny you'd still have to pay $2-$3 shipping. Not worth it! Funny book written by a sweaty little fat kid with crazy Christian conservative parents. Hearing a 14 year old virgin boy's opinion on abortion is great. And it's all yours for only one penny
5.0	Patricia McConnell has written a wonderful book filled with engaging stories and much practical advice for dog owners. She incorporates the latest research findings on the workings of the dog's mind in presenting her own cases from her behavior counseling service.  Her discussion of counterconditioning covers an extremely valuable concept that is not stressed (or even utilized) enough by other behaviorists and trainers. This technique is invaluable and of nearly limitless potential in alleviating many emotional distresses and disorders in dogs.  
5.0	 Especially pleasing to see is that in her discussion of counterconditioning and other techniques the author diverges from the decades-old approach of addressing "behavior problems" (a term that should be killed off and unceremoniously buried - it's not the animal's problem any more than if your husband had a habit of talking too loudly to your liking would you tell your friends that he had a behavior problem) by focusing on simply eliminating the behavior. This mechanistic behaviorism approach may be effective in eliminating the behavior but frequently does nothing to relieve the dog's underlying emotional distress that is causing the behavior. For example, if a dog is suffering from loneliness because he is tied up alone in a backyard and barks endlessly for human attention and companionship there are plenty of ways to eliminate the barking. But there is only one correct one: alleviate the emotional pain of loneliness. McConnell understands this and focuses on this underlying emotional distress when working with the dogs to change unwanted behavior. In light of the advances in neuroscience, comparative psychology, and brain imaging, this places McConnell on the leading edge of the changes underway in how unwanted behavior in dogs should be addressed.  The primary focus in treating behavior "problems" is to help the dog rather than the owner. McConnell gets this. Most dog behaviorists and trainers don't. 
5.0	 I strongly recommend this book for all dog owners who want their dogs to get the best emotional care and support in all behavior-related matters.
1.0	I also bought the hype of NYTimes Best Seller.  Goes to show you some people have really bad taste.  The story was promising and could have been exciting without the awful dialog.  It seems like the author was being paid by the word - too much repetition, entire scenes which added nothing to the story, etc.  I would NEVER purchase another book by this author.  Glad it's over and this ones in the trash can...  Charli
4.0	I would have liked the hero's character, Diaz, to be developed a little more. He was dark, mysterious, and sexy but even his face wasn't described very well. I couldn't form an image in my mind of what he looked like, like I could with Milla. The story, however, was awesome. I couldn't put it down and my heart ached for Milla. What a read. I would recommend it to anyone!!!
5.0	The Go-Go Years is the history of Wall Street during the tumultuous 1960s, which saw the DJIA only briefly above 1000.  This book's players include H. Ross Perot (who, according to the author lost more than $650,000,000 when the market fell at the end of the decade), conglomateurs like Ling-Temco-Vogt's Jimmy Ling, Gulf + Western's Charles Bluhdorn, and IT&amp;T's Harold Geneen, and Peter Lynch's predecessors at Fidelity, Ned Johnston and Gerry Tsai.  One interesting fact:  in the latter part of the decade, the NASD closed early on Wednesdays to give the back offices of the brokerage firms time to settle trades
5.0	Dr. Schwalbe's commonsense approach to teaching you precisely what you need to know in order to pass CompTia's IT Project + exam should be commended.  She did a great job covering all exam topics as well as providing relevant practice test questions.  I had no problems at all passing this test and I owe it all to Dr. Schwalbe's, &amp;quot;IT Project + CoursePrep ExamGuide.&amp;quot;  I highly recommend this book if you're serious about passing CompTia's IT Project + exam
1.0	Alright, first of all, I have read dozens of books on nutrition and weight, etc., many of which were inspiring and very helpful. I highly doubt that many women in 2006 lack general nutrition knowledge, but if they do, it can be found easily online or in the library. Dr. Northrup's advice was ludicrous. 30 grams of carbs per day? I was encouraged when she began by citing Geneen Roth, but things deteriorated from there until I wanted to throw the book out the window. If anyone is looking for a mind-body approach to food, please, PLEASE do not read Dr. Northrup's chapter on "nutrition." Instead, I would recommend Fed Up by Dr. Wendy Oliver-Pyatt, Eating Mindfully by Dr. Susan Albers, any book by Geneen Roth, or even How Much Does Your Soul weigh, by Dr. Dorie McCubbrey. These books adress eating mindfully, allowing yourself to enjoy the foods you love while paying attention to your body's responses. Dr. Northrup's "nutrition" chapter is just another externally driven, trendy, but ultimately ineffective attempt to control weight and promote health (She calls herself a "sugar addict" and if you want information about that, read something like sugar busters (until you figure out that ALL diets will never work long-term). Anyway, I think she's a nut, and I wish that consumers were more perceptive and less desperate and likely to grasp at straws like Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom.
4.0	Among the books in defense of globalization, this is among the best for the methodlogical care with which the author has presented his arguments. The text is lucid and very appropriate for students. Perhaps the only deficiency is a reluctance to engage the question of institutional reform with the WTO that could potentially compromise environmental and social protection. The failure of the Doha round and the WSSD in this regard is neglected. However, the author does an admirable job debunking a lot of myths that are so vitriolically presented by antiglobalization activists.
5.0	Great book, definitely one of my favorite King novels. A lot more brutal and a lot better then the movie (which was great). The only thing I didn't like were the exerts from "Misery's Return", I hate romance novels even if they are written by Stephen King so I skipped over most of them. But the rest of the book was amazing and even though I'd seen the movie and pretty much knew what was going to happen it still had me in suspense and hooked through the whole thing, I didn't want to put it down and finished it in 2 days (which is fast for me). So if you've never read a King book before this would be a good place to start
5.0	John McGraw and Christy Mathewson became two of baseball's most recognizable personalities with the arrival of the 20th century.   McGraw made his name initially as a third baseman with the scrappy Baltimore Orioles in the 1890's.  Mathewson was one of a very few college players, and found himself being tried as a first baseman along with pitching for the Giants when McGraw was brought to New York to lead the Giants for the next thirty years.  Author Frank Deford manages to weave together these two diverse personalities as each left their imprint on the game during their short lives.  McGraw died at the relatively young age of 60, although his bouts with the bottle made him appear much older than he was.  Matty died at the youthful age of 45 due to tuberculosis, probably the result of breathing poisonous gas during a drill among soldiers while in France during World War I.  The information provided on the old Baltimore Orioles can be found in numerous other books, most notably for me, Fred Lieb's history on the Baltimore Orioles as well as the information on Mathewson in other books.  However, I feel Frank Deford does a good job in tying together the lives of these two giants of the game who became great friends as well.  For all his crustiness, combativeness, and profane mouth, McGraw, who experienced tragedy as a young boy by seeing his mother and several siblings die of diptheria, had a sentimental side to him.  He hung three pictures in his office of his favorite players (Christy Mathewson, Ross Youngs, and Mel Ott).  The last sentence is not included in the book.  Following his playing career Mathewson became manager of the Cincinnati Reds.  He suspended one of his players, Hal Chase, because he believed him to be involved in fixing ball games.  When Matty returned from France McGraw offered him a job as a coach on the Giants, only to find Hal Chase now a member of the team.  McGraw had difficulty adjusting to the times as he bemoaned the modern (at that time) player, while the stature of his old Oriole teammates grew with the advancing years.  You can find a lot of the information on these two baseball legends in other individual biographies, but this book will bring these two giants and close friends together in one well done (if you will) dual biography
2.0	This book was readable and somewhat compelling in that I wanted to know what would happen next.  However, the narrative was ridiculous in its depiction of the character's lives.  A UCLA professor who seems to have all kinds of free time for attending events with her famous movie star husband?  It reinforces the stereotype of college professors having an easy job that doesn't require any more time than giving lectures (with apparently no preparation), going on sabbatical whenever they feel like it, and traveling to exotic places to do research.  That was just one of the silly descriptions in this very silly book.  I had to work to suspend my disbelief long enough to finish it.  It was like watching a soap opera - a guilty pleasure
5.0	I realize that reviews are wholly based on interpretation and opinion and I respect that.  But I don't get people who don't like this book.  No offense.  That being said (or written, in this case), I loved this book.  I found it entertaining, odd and hugely funny and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone looking for a laugh.  My grandmother wouldn't get this humor, so if you're her, don't buy it.  Everyone else--go for it.
5.0	Being an animal lover, a volunteer dog walker at our local shelter and a cat owner, I always read non-fiction books relating to animals and Amazing Gracie will be one of my favorites that I will remember.  The author's writing made it so I didn't want to put the book down, it made me laugh, cry, and educated about adopting an all natural diet for our pets.  It prompted me to purchase the other three books about "Three Dog Bakery" to learn more and as I already knew, people who love animals can make wonderful things happen in their lives as well as their pets.  Now we need a "Three Dog Bakery" in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
5.0	I love pop-up books and this one left me hungry for something sweet---Like a cookie. Wonderful pop-ups. Great premis. My Great Grand children loved this boo
4.0	The Amazing Power of Deliberate Intent is another wonderful resource on the Law of Attraction.  While it doesn't contain as many "new" insights as I had hoped, the material is (as always) thought provoking and energizing.  An easy read with outstanding examples of how to apply the principles of attraction in your life
2.0	Let me get myself straigh here first. I have always been a fan of the Artemis Fowl series even though its started to fall into ruins. I loved the first one, and it was a wicked twist to the standard fairy tale stuff i ussually have to plow through, with the protangonist antoagonizing the fairies, instead of saving them from some kind of "evil" foe. Also the fairies were pretty cool, and had all of the problems of normal people such as sexism. They were high tech and armed with laser guns. Unfortunately the author put Artemis on the helping side of the fairies which took out some of the pizzaz.
2.0	 Now let me rewiew this particular book. ITs a horrible read. who in their right mind would read something about a twelwe year old kid who investigates mysteries with no new innovative concepts?
2.0	 no me. now add the fact that this mystery is completely absurd, i mean seriously a "barbie" doll girl who gets kids expelled from school just because they're boys. How old is the author anyways? two years old? well obviously he's not married thats for sure. I always thought that these books were aimed at 13 and 14 year olds, not four year olds. Anyways enough of that, the author also proceeds to put in someothing about a talent show and other garbage abouta possesive father. I read Colfer because he writes futuristic books, that are predominetely fantasy not preschool level books about an obssesed teen ager who doesn't even solve robberies, instead he investigates some dumb boys vs girls war.
2.0	 All of the wicked humor is lost, there is no action whatsoever, the main charecter isn't a genius with wicked humor, and the book reeks of drawn of bits from the others. Heavily downgraded, adn obviously the worst parts. DO NOT EVEN READ THIS THING. get some other artemis fowl books, or read Alex Rider,. thats a very good read.
2.0	Woman-hating man writes novel about man-hating woman
2.0	I felt it was very scientific and difficult reading.  I wasn't able to get past 20 minutes with this book although I am sure by the title it has great information in it.  I don't feel it's for the average person more medical / scentific minds.   Truthfully, I feel my money was wasted and wish I would of took the time to return it.  
4.0	With over 1000 recipes, this cookbook is going to take some time to truly put through it's paces, but I've had great results with the few dishes I've tried so far.  The Turkey Wraps with Chipotle Mayo rocked, with a gem of a condiment included - pickled red onion.  I'd use that on any sandwich, anytime.  The sauces for Halibut with Spicy Asian Vinaigrette (really a sambal vinaigrette) and Wasabi Cream were awesome.  Veggie dishes like Asparagus with Shallot and sesame seeds add a special touch to everyday dinners.  
4.0	 Granted, I haven't even put a dent in the vast amount of dishes represented in this massive cookbook - but so far so good!  I picked this up a few months agao as a remainder and paid about 10.00 for it - about a penny a recipe!  What a deal
1.0	You don't need to trust me--you can look inside the book and get a load of the first translation of the "Frog King" which is unreadable.  Someone just took an old translation and reprinted it on poor quality paper.  This does not do justice to the tales
1.0	Like "Jurassic Park", this book starts out promisingly but runs out of steam within just a few chapters.
1.0	 My reasons for such an accusation:
1.0	 1. Crichton overloads the reader with scientific facts. And while these can be quite interesting, they often obstruct the action and progress of the storyline (Dan Brown, for instance, is a writer who can properly balance compelling action with factual sensitivity). As a result, the book comes off as slow and stumbling.
1.0	 2. The plot isn't all that interesting to begin with. (Vengeful gorillas? Talking gorillas? Misanthropic gorillas? Come on.)
1.0	 3. The book's ending is utterly terrible.
1.0	 4. Cricton's writing is weak, and the characters are inconsistent and unconvincing.
1.0	 Sorry, Michael, but this book just didn't do it for me
5.0	This was an interesting read.  Napolitano is a Fox News Contributor who is an advocate of interpreting via natural law and reading the Constitution literally for it's intended meaning.  As a result, the Fox News bashers will tend to ignore the book but it's worthy of their attention too because the leftwing liberal idea of reinterpeting the Constitution for today is what lead to legislation like the Patriot Act.  In an unbiased way (politically), his criticisms of the current administration are well-balanced with a good explanation and examples of abuse.  I've traditionally been a supporter of the Republicans and the Patriot act but the Judge's book have made me rethink the Patriot Act.  I was also surprised at how far back in time some of the interpretation contraversies go, some dating back to Hamilton and Jefferson themselves
2.0	Although I am not a veterinarian, I have worked in an animal hospital for two years.
2.0	 First of all, according to our medical practice, this book gives some bad nurishment advice!  Milk (and milk products such as cream and half &amp; half) are NOT a good food for many cats.  Their systems are often not equipped to digest the enzymes found in cows' milk.
2.0	 Having said what was foremost on my mind, I am also very disappointed in the "behavior" advice from this author.  I found very little information on kittens.....and almost nothing useful (which is why I purchased this book in the first place!).
2.0	 In fact, I absolutely disagree with Ms. Wilbourn's suggestions about introducing a new kitten into an adult cat home.  From the new kitten arriving via "escort" to you (as the responsible owner) and leaving the new kitten to fend for itself all afternoon, as your adult cat "takes care of himself and his kitten".  What dangerous nonsense this is!  Stop and think.....what a 10 lb. adult could do to a 2 lb. kitten, if so inclined?
2.0	 Perhaps the cats in Manhatten are far more anthropomorphisized (as opposed to Ms. Wilbourn's coined word "catsonality") then the felines with which the rest of us are familiar?
2.0	 For the record, I currently have a terrific 15 year old, as well as a very feisty 4 month old.  I should have seen warning signs when this 224 page (LARGE print book) began with a 19 page forward.  No doubt this forward is intended to demonstrate Ms. Wilbourn's considerable knowledge.  Sorry, it doesn't.
2.0	 Bottom line?  Save your money and try another author....preferably someone with the letters D.V.M after his or her name
4.0	This book provided a clear and tragic story of the invasion. You might want to take notes, however. Acronyms and abreviations should be explained more frequently, as well as military organization, for those of us civilian
1.0	To see my point read Edgar C. Whisenant's "Why The Rapture will be in 1988"  HA-HA-HA-HA!!!!!   
1.0	 Don't be taken in by Tim LaHaye's false prophecies asd broken promises.  This book has stated NOTHING that Christendom has not heard before. It's the same old "The sky is falling", superstitious, nonsense that has been rehashed since biblical times.  For example: 1John 2:18, 4:4 - John thinks he is living in "the last times." He "knows" this because he sees so many antichrists around. 
1.0	 1 Peter 1:5, 7, 20 Peter believed that he was living in the "last times.
1.0	 1 Peter 4:7 "The end of all things is at hand."
1.0	 James 5:8 James thought that Jesus would return soon.
1.0	    Readers, has there ever been a time in our world history that the so-called "End Time Signs" did NOT apply?  The Civil War, WWI, WWII, The Could War and all other wars and rumors of war wasn't good enough?  One of the signs of the "mark of the beast" started in 1948.  The Doomsayers were in a tizzy over the modern bar coding system then the Social Security Number system.  Recently, someone "set a bad precedent" by coming up with a novel way to find lost pets via an implanted chip (In the wayward animal of course)  
1.0	  It seems the statute of limitations has not ran out as to when the human race will meet its end and all the Chicken Littles has been making excuses ever since it all began.  
1.0	 2 Peter 3:4 "Where is the promise of his coming?" The author of 2 Peter is aware of the failed expectations of early believers. He knows that Jesus, who was to come soon, didn't come at all. Many have begun to ask, "Where is the promise of his coming?" He tries to cover for Jesus by claiming that "one day with the Lord is as a thousand years."
1.0	 Mat:-16:28 Verily I say unto you, There be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of man coming in his kingdom.
1.0	 Revelation - 3:11, 22:7, 12, 20 quotes Jesus (1900 years ago) as saying, "Behold, I come quickly.
1.0	 Lahaye's book reads like tabloid trash. !!!!!
2.0	Some of the other Alex Rider books may have been a little predictable, but Ark Angel is by far the worst book in the series.  As if someone with a cheesy tattoo of the world covering their head isn't bad enough, this book really "jumps the shark", not only does Anthony Horowitz yet AGAIN use the "corrupt rich guy" plot (this may have something to do with his childhood . . .), but at the end of the book Alex gets launched into space.  Save your $15 and buy Maximum Ride by James Patterson or a Scott Westerfeld book instead
2.0	This book is an enjoyable read if you have nothing better to do.  I failed to be captivated by it.  The characters lack the heartwrenching dramatic intensity that you find in her other works.  Maybe it is because Alice Walker is such a phenominal author that people just expect so much from her.  Still, this book is NOT making the cut for my personal library
5.0	After having read this book I very much regret coming to C++ from a self-taught Pascal and C background - it could have been so much easier. Many introductory texts on C++ assume a background in one of the procedural languages and consequently start teaching the C subset of C++ first. This is, according to the authors' experience, counterproductive to understanding 'proper' C++ and programming true to it's paradigms and design. Thus they follow the radically new approach of discussing whatever (sometimes advanced) facilities C++ offers to solve a particular problem instead of going from one isolated language feature to the next. This leads to the somewhat unorthodox chapter sequence, which teaches the design of user types (classes) after introducing template functions (a feature many seasoned C++ programmers still don't know how to use effectively) or even stranger: the explanation of pointers and arrays (chapter 10) in terms of the standard library iterators and containers, which have been introduced as early as chapter 3. What I particularly liked are the useful and real world examples, although the book does cover the omni-present 'hello world' program, it otherwise fully delivers on it's promise of teaching 'practical programming by example' (subtitle). Due to this approach and the well constructed exercises at the end of each chapter the book gets the student writing non-trivial, useful programs taking full advantage of advanced C++ library features almost from day one. The authors also lead by example and show proper commenting and programming for flexibility techniques even in the smallest code fragments. This is in refreshing contrast to many an author's crime of showing the 'quick and easy' way first and the 'proper' way later.
5.0	 If you read The Design and Evolution of C++ you'll soon notice the repeated mentioning of Koenig and Moo as two of the key players in the development of the language. Their in-depth knowledge and experience really shows in this work. Although the book is mainly aimed at beginners, veteran C++ programmers can still profit from it, even if only by loosing some more bad old C habits
2.0	I bought this book to learn some interisting new facts that I have not heard about before. Well this book didn't do that. Most of the stuff in this book I have read in other places and it was written better. Like The "Red Queen" by Matt Ridley &amp; "Why is Sex Fun" by Jarod Diamond. 
2.0	 This book relies to heavely on statistical data to come up with anything very interisting. I found myself skipping complete pages and chapters because of the boredom for having to read to many statistics.
2.0	 If you are looking to use this book as a resource to quote statistics about sex then you are in good shape, this book will give you plenty of that. Other wise i recomend that you stir clear of this book.
2.0	This is a tremendously expensive reference that one should expect to be trustworthy. But it isn't. Nor is it as definitive as should be expected, though it does have some fascinating entries, such as the role of dogs in the history of food. For the price, there should be line drawings for some of the more unusual fruits and veg, because as it is, the verbal descriptions would lead a reader to think that something looked quite different than it does. So I use these two volumes with caution, referencing further anything said here before I take it as a given. Although some other reviewers here have criticized the dryness of style, that is what I want in this sort of thing, so I have no complaints there. Of far more importance is the slant that many of the articles have, which clearly have a political agenda that the information is wrapped around. So, while the bibliographies for same are useful, they also are selectively chosen. Given the guides to food now, and the many histories, I would think that a few books judiciously chosen are better value than this one reference, though if you are monied, this is an interesting addition to your library, to be read with a grain of salt in every 'Oh, my! I didn't know that.'
1.0	This novel is absolute dreck, at the best. I don't think I could ever pick up another Grisham novel without vomiting. Pelican Brief was Okay. But, I honestly cannot read him again, because of this. 
1.0	   The reason for this one star rating is this. 
1.0	 First, the protaganist is a stupid punk kid, who by the end of the novel you are actually hoping gets shot or SOMETHING! 
1.0	 Second, 496 pages filled with "blah blah blah" There wasn't enough content to constitute a five hundred page novel. Maybe one hundred, and then it would have been decent. 
1.0	   Third, When reading about a murder mystery with the mob involved, you would at least expect more blood-shed, or more death. Especially since this is targeted at a group that enjoys those kinds of things.
1.0	   Fourth, although written at a fourth grade level no fourth grader should be allowed within three hundred feet for all the swearing that takes place. Speech and the written word, are signs of intelligence, Vulgarity is something people use when they don't know how to convey something accurately. Honestly every page has at least some. 
1.0	  Now you know,that unless you want your socks bored off, you shouldn't even look in the section that has Grisham in it. If you want to read something light, that's believable, not Fantasy and not Romance, read Crichton.
5.0	I liked this book alot, it was very different and it gave me alot of ideas of books to read based on what &amp;quot;mood&amp;quot; I am in.  It also gave me some insite to some of the books that I have already read, and how they perceived the books
5.0	Peter Drucker is a subject in and of itself.  His insights into the movement of people and their actions are legendary within the business world.  This book provides a clear, essential summary of his life work.  If  you are in business (which is most of us), if you are looking for ideas, or  just plain interested in who thought up some of the &amp;quot;common&amp;quot;  business maps of the day, chances are you can read this book and find out  that they are all linked to Mr. Drucker.  This is not your normal  biography- there is real substance here
2.0	This book says nothing. He brings you on a journey through nothing that will you unfilled. Don't read it
1.0	I think the book is very flippant and uninformative.  If you are looking for hard facts, skip this one.  I'd like to return it for a refund and I'd be embarrased to pass it on
1.0	Why? Because this book says nothing more than what he had already said in A Brief History of Time. However, I will say that unlike A Brief history of time, this one is a really, really big book with lots of colorful pictures so that they can charge an extra 30 dollars. And that he also changed the titles of the chapters. That's something...and the pictures were pretty! 
1.0	 Believe it or not after I read Universe in a Nutshell I decided to give good ol' Steve one more shot so I picked up A Theory of Everything. However, to my surprise, within those pages I didn't find a theory of everything...but I did find somehting that amazed me more than a theory of everything every could...Inside, I found A Brief History of Time! He had fooled me again!
1.0	 It's a conspiracy, this man is publishing the same book over &amp; over again with different titles to fool people into buying them. And he's including illustrations now because he discovered how well worthless pictures sell! Don't buy into it! It's a trick, underneath the new dustjacket, pretty pictures, and new chapter headings, these are same words!
1.0	 I proclaim myself to be the first to say "I will not be fooled by Mr. Hawking again.
4.0	Poirot is given a case by his old pal Spence which takes him to a small village, where the fussy detective must unravel clues behind a crime in which the main  suspect has already been arrested and sentenced... Hercule's indignities at the run down boarding house he's staying at make up the bulk of the story's humor, but the mystery is great fun, too and I doubt anyone can guess the killer, unless you're paying amazingly close attention. The characters here are some of Agatha's most entertaining, and Mrs Oliver, with her uncanny intuition,  always makes a nice flighty side kick..
5.0	Intellectual, straight-forward, candid and objective-&amp;quot;From Slavery to Freedom&amp;quot; gives the actual picture of how African-Americans have been treated and where they stand in American History. An honest journey into  history- well-researched. Thanks Franklin. History is important. But  &amp;quot;we shall rise&amp;quot;
2.0	I was so disappointed.  This book is about 80% material that was previously published in a much classier book, A Wonderful Time.  Readers lucky enough to have the earlier book should not waste their money on this rehash
1.0	This was a complete waste of money.  A little phamplet of a book written by a very spoiled woman who is in love with herself more than anyone else
5.0	Salem's Lot has become a yearly staple for me.  When the days begin to grow short, and the air gets a little thick and crisp, I like to pull this book out, and go for a lie in the hammock.  It has been a fall favorite, since my freshman year of college.  Though not entirely wholesome, this book is one of the most puritan of Stephen King's prolific library.  There are really no graphic sexual scenes, and the language is tame, in comparison to . . . say, The Stand.  But you don't care about that.  You want to know why I thought it was a heck of a good read.
5.0	 King is fascinated by small towns.  I can say that with a good deal of authority, because two-thirds of what he writes about takes place in small, Maine towns.  It's not the four-way intersections, and the cowpoke attitude that seems to capture his interest, but the dynamics of the small town, itself.  There is a certain attitude, in a small town; kind of like high school cliques, but on a grander scheme.  A small town has its own atmosphere; its own incestuous existence.  Stephen King enjoys watching as relationships frazzle, and small towns are demolished, with the ghoulish glee of a small child knocking over sandcastles.  'Salem's Lot mixes stark dread with a Rockwellian nostalgia that oozes out of the pages.  The result is a horrifically delicious milkshake that covers some traditional vampire ground, but also manages to stay fresh and poignant.  If the cemetery scene (in which a father grieves for his dead son) doesn't give you goosebumps, you are truly a jaded individual.
5.0	This book was excellent and easy reading.  My 12 year old granddaughter, her mothe , my father and I read all of Dave Pelzer's series of 3 books.  We also read his brother's story
5.0	This is my 3rd book on real estate investing and I must say that each is totally different, with different ideas and different strategies.  I think it's important to keep this in mind because there is not one single book that can tell you everything you need to know.
5.0	 I like how she talks about goal setting, something I've learned from Tony Robbins and that I feel is really important.  I like how she calculates the rate of return.  I like her differing point of views.  I would have never considered an adjustable rate mortgage before reading this book.  Overall I learned a lot, despite having already read 2 other good books.
5.0	 A few things I didn't like:  I would have liked more information on selecting and comparing properties.  And especially calculating if I can afford it or not.  The information she gives is quite good, but since this is the most important topic I think it deserved even more.
5.0	 The book is well worth the price and if you're serious about investing I highly recommend it.
2.0	Some of this book is good and normally I love Suzanne Summers but.... A few comments like " no wonder men leave us for younger woman". Like what is that about? Woman need to feel better for themselves not some guy. Does she not know men also have hormonal problems and aging? When I ran into a few comments like that in the book it turned me off. Woman need to feel good about themselves and look good for themselves first. I just felt the book was a push for the S Principle Book and to be hot for your guy.  Usually her stuff is good but I wasn't crazy about this one. Sorry nothing new in this book. Maybe helpful to someone else. Jud
4.0	Like many reveiwers have already stated, this is a different type of King novel. There definitely is a slow unwind at the start for the first hundred and fifity pages or so, but I personally found much of it engaging. Beyond the main love story and Lisey's coping with grief over the loss of her writer husband, much of the book deals with Scott's damaged childhood, and the outlets the creative mind take to cope and fabricate in order to survive, but also in his case, to thrive.
4.0	 The climax for me was a slight disappointment, however the book overall was a reinvigorated and different world for King
1.0	I really do congratulate Bill Rancic for being HIRED by one of the richest man in the world. But being hired does not mean that Bill Rancic just became the next Bill Gates or Warren Buffet. 
1.0	 Great to know that you take yourself VERY VERY highly Mr.Rancic. your going to fit fine in the Trump Organization, But seriously dont over do yourself.
1.0	 I'd rather retake my 'X100 intro to business administration' class in my college than to buy this book
1.0	As he does in his columns, Mr. Tierney demonstrates here grave literary weakness.  There is no reason that this book should ever have appeared.  I cannot imagine even the dullest mind finding it interesting or amusing.  The man is talentless
1.0	If you're considering buying the Peter Smith "edition" of this book, note that it is NOT a new "edition" in hardcover but the Vintage International edition rebound in red cloth, with the cover of said trade paperback glued onto the front. It looks like it's been rebound for libraries, is the type of thing that's usually not for sale to the general public (. . .) The book is WELL-REBOUND, and may still be worth it to you Cormac McCarthy diehards out there -- it is for me, and ultimately I'm just gonna keep the copy of it I bought, but it's still quite disappointing. Thought you deserved a warning, hope it came in time. McCarthy's a great writer, of course -- feel a little guilty about the one-star, but it's an issue of the edition, not the book
5.0	This book is first published in 1999.  Right in the beginning, Drucker defined management as NOT only business management, but management in all kinds of organization: government, university, hospital, army, non-profit organization, etc.  The book is easy to read, just below 200 pages.  The scope and content is much wider than how we think management usually is.  It describes the CERTAINTIES: collapsing birthrate, shift in performance, global competitiveness, etc, and of course, how it affects all kinds of organizations.  It talks about information challenges, the knowledge worker and how one manage oneself in this new century.  Concepts like "individuals will outlive their organization", "how to defines one's goal and contribution" are all interesting topics and issues that everyone have to face, since, this is the REALITIES.  I highly recommend this book to anyone, not just CEO/executives, but those want to know more about oneself, how to behave and contribute in this KNOWLEDGE BASE WORLD
5.0	I find Rousseau especially creative in the way he describes how inequality  progressed from the time the first humans made contact. He makes a good  case for the solitary life. I think Rousseau believes it is destructive  whenever humans come together in groups.  Governments were formed to  protect the weaker from the stronger or as Rousseau thinks to actually  protect the rich from the poor.  This is an outstanding book. It will haunt  you
1.0	This is just a REALLY bad book.  First I blame James Patterson, but I really REALLY blame his editor.  What editor worth his salt would allow this mess to be published?  
1.0	 The villains are so grotesque as to be almost cartoon villains.  Just - over the top. The plot line is unbelievable.  Aside from Alex Cross and the two villains, nobody in this book gets more than a few pages before they disappear forever.  Alex Cross spends more time eating meals than using the resources of the FBI to foil the villains.  This is supposed to be one of those "the villains have given us a deadline before they blow up the world" type thriller but - there's no sense of urgency, and the law-enforcement agencies on the case are poorly sketched, and inept (but not deliberately written that way).
1.0	 I could go on and on but it's not worth the words.  This book is REALLY a waste of time.  I can't believe anybody published it
1.0	Talk about a waste of time!  I was wondering if it was just me so I asked several friends who dutifully read this prize winner and they said they could barely get through it.  It is boring, tells you instead of shows you, hyperactively jumps around the timeline like a flea and provides no payoff at all.  I also found the protrayal of the grandmother's flirtation with Islam to be shallow, un-informed, unbelievable and ultimately dismissive. Don't waste your time on this or your money. Luckily I had picked it up at a book sale for $0.25, about what it was worth
5.0	i've been going to grouphug.us for years now, it's the best place to go when you need a little pick me up. i have learned that people are truely psycho. that fact alone makes me feel 10x better about the things i've done.
5.0	 when i found out that there was a book published, i had to go buy it right away. i am so glad that i did. this is one of the funniest things i have ever read. i have passed it around to many of my friends, they all agree that it is awesome. it was the best christmas present i have ever found. no matter what people are interested in, they all adore this book. i have three copies of this; one in my bedroom, one on my coffee table, and one in my bathroom.
5.0	 i suggest you buy this book if you want a good laugh or if you want to learn about the bizarre behavior of you neighbors
5.0	HI.. I would say most people should run, not walk, to buy this book. It doesn't matter where you are starting from, everyone can benefit from this stuff, and there are a variety of ways to compile wealth that the authors talk about. I found it to be very inspiring and well worth the money. I would recommend it to all my friends, especially those who are befuddled by the markets, because it has simple straightforward advice. good luck to all the savers and investors among us! for socially conscious people, they also tell how to help society (as well as get wealthy.
1.0	There is no doubt that Sun Tzu's little book on war is an enduring classic, but this little edition is ridiculous.  There is a reason it is so cheap.  It is all of 96 pages long, including the introduction.  If you are going to take the trouble to buy and read Sun Tzu's masterpiece, you should at least get a version that explains what Sun Tzu was really talking about.
1.0	 The best translation is by Giles, as is this, but in the original Giles translation there is a running commentary, between the lines by Giles and several classical Chinese scholars, explaining both the context and meaning of the text.  It is virtually impossible to really appreciate what Sun Tzu was talking about without the background that the original Giles translation provides.
1.0	 There are several editions of the full Giles edition available.  Any of them are a better choice than this little stripped down version.  The best is the Special Edition that contains two copies of the translation - one stripped down version, like this edition, in addition to the Chinese text and the fully annotated version that is twice as long as the unexplained translation.  Sometimes you really do get what you pay for
4.0	`The Villa' was magnificent Nora Roberts's novel. The basis story is about a family of wine makers who find themselves fighting to save the family business after numerous murders, bad business, affairs and fire ~ all with a mix of romance. This book has some nice twists that you will enjoy. If you are looking for fun romance with a story I would also suggest Kate Angell `Crazy for you' and The Ice House by Minette Walters
2.0	I realize that Patterson is known for his exciting, page-turning reads.  I realize that he is famous for the relentless pace of his novels.  And, most importantly, I realize that he is famous for stunning twists at the endings of lots of his books.
2.0	 Keeping all that in mind, I have to say that I was shocked and hurt by the, well, absolutely horrifying surprise ending to this book.  To say it came at me out of left field would be a massive understatement.  It's more like I was standing at home plate in Dodger stadium and was hit by a ball thrown from left field in Yankee Stadium.  Truthfully, I never saw it coming.  And I was horrified by it.  I finished the last pages with my mouth hanging open.
2.0	 And I feel betrayed as well.  I realize that twist endings happen often, especially when it comes to Patterson, but I DID NOT LIKE this one.  I felt hurt by it.
2.0	 Putting that aside, it was a good read overall, which is why I give it 2 stars instead of one
1.0	This is J.A. Jance at her worst and the readers simpering narrations doesn't help
4.0	Reading this book, you get the impression Michael Lewis just moved in with Jim Clark for a year.  Sadly, these direct interaction stories and anecdotes are not as compelling as the more standard journalistic backstory:  the tale of Clark's rise from abject poverty, the founding of Silicon Graphics and his eventual war with management and the board there, and the story of NetScape.  The up to date stuff is less interesting, unless you are really fascinated with big sailboats.
4.0	 If we were rating Lewis books on a scale of 1-5, this would only rate a 3.  But since other authors have to also fit into the scale, this gets a 4..
1.0	Since I loved Jurassic Park and The Andromeda Strain (way back in high school) I happily picked up Congo at the airport. What an enormous disappointment - the book has the feel of having been written in an hour and a half. Nonsensical details are never explained (what's with the gray gorillas and the paddles? The gorillas were trained by the Zing-ites, back in the day, to execute people with the paddles and they sort of got into it? This is never made clear), the dramatic arc is entirely hosed up, and the characters are ridiculously one-dimensional. This is one of these books where you get to the last 30 pages and you realize that you're SOL - the plot is not going to come together, and you're not going to be satisfied. That, plus the obsessive detail about boring 1980 technology, left me entirely cold - this book hit the airport trash can the minute I debarked
4.0	Underworld is an ambitious book.   By examining politics, economics, and popular culture in the United States during the last half of the twentieth century, author Don DeLillo engages in some interesting speculation about hidden meanings and connections that lie beneath our notice.  In the world that he depicts, people and events sometimes seem to be connected by some kind of field or ether through which unnamable forces operate.  In his opening scene, the lives of hundreds of thousands of people are joined by an historic baseball game, where a young man senses "the body heat of a great city ... small reveries and desperations, the unseen something that haunts the day."  In other passages of the book, these connections take the form of history or a system: "that thing you feel in an office ... sensing the linked grids lap around you."
4.0	 The book focuses on Nick Shay, a man with some grit who escapes a meaningless life in the Bronx and becomes an executive in a waste disposal firm and a kind of savant.  It takes a long time and many people to produce this transformation, and this results in a pretty long book: 827 pages in the hard cover edition.  DeLillo is even more interested in conspiracy theories and secrets than in Nick's personal transformation, so along the way he shares a lot of arcane knowledge with the reader about the nuclear weapons industry, environmental degradation, and J. Edgar Hoover.  
4.0	 The connections between a few of the minor characters and subplots and the rest of the book are not obvious, and I would venture to say that a few of these could have been omitted without great harm.  Also, DeLillo's dialogue has a definite style:  his characters seem to hoard their words, and an awful lot of them don't finish their sentences.  Whether these are defects or not probably depends on the reader's tastes.  For me, this is a much better book than DeLillo's White Noise and Libra, which have been widely praised.
5.0	A very romantic story. Somewhat graphic with quite of bit of swearing but in a low-key way. I read it and then read it again a few days later. Too long to read in one sitting. It made me cry
1.0	I very much looked forward to the ending of this book not to see what would happen but so that I could be done with it and move on to a different book! I found this book pointless. After reading 482 pages, I can't even think of two adjectives to describe Sally and Clare. Moody does such a poor job of character development that I don't feel like I know all that much about these two women. I did not like the main characters and I didn't feel as though they had much of a real friendship at all. The book is way too long, the plot is unbelievable, the characters are unlikable, and the writing style is annoying
4.0	I just had the pleasure of reading an advance copy of John Naisbitt's Mind Set!: Reset Your Thinking and See the Future.  There's a lot in this book that I'd like to recommend for those who think everything is "the next big thing"...  It's really not.
4.0	 Contents: 
4.0	 Part 1 - Mindsets: Most Things Remain Constant; The Future Is Embedded In The Present; Focus On The Score Of The Game; Understand How Powerful It Is Not To Have To Be Right; See The Future As A Picture Puzzle; Don't Get So Far Ahead Of The Parade That They Don't Know You Are In It; Resistance To Change Falls For Benefits; Things That We Expect To Happen Always Happen More Slowly; You Don't Get Results By Solving Problems, But By Exploiting Opportunities; Don't Add Unless You Subtract; Consider The Ecology Of Technology
4.0	 Part 2 - Pictures Of The Future: Culture - A Visual Culture Is Taking Over The World; Economics - From Nation-State To Economic Domains; China - Will The Dragon Devour Us Or Will It Be The Dragon We Ride?; Europe - Metamorphosis To History Theme Park; Our Evolutionary Era - No Next Big Thing
4.0	 End Notes; Index
4.0	 Naisbitt, the author of Megatrends, came up with a number of mindsets that can help someone understand where things are going in the future.  From that initial list, he pared down the items until he came up with what he felt are the most important eleven items that matter.  These mindsets, if understood, directly affect how you view current events and interpret your surroundings.  For instance, it's easy to look at each new technology and think that it will change everything.  But in reality, the same underlying forces continue to drive people's lives.  Business is in a constant state of flux, but it still ends up being all about buying and selling.  In sports, the one-handed jump shot in basketball completely changed the look of the game in 1936, but the game itself was still the same...  score a basket.  Once you strip away the fluff and hype, it's easier to understand where the general flow of life is going.  Or my favorite...  don't add something unless you subtract something.  Setting a cap on a situation (be it a sports roster or a number of menu items in a restaurant) forces you to weigh the merits of each item, keeping only the things that return value and dropping items that no longer measure up to the others.  Something to remember before you make yet another commitment...
4.0	 Part 2 of the book applies a number of these mindsets to different current events and situations.  Personally, I found this part of the book a bit more unfocused than the first.  While I understand that the visual is becoming more important in today's society, I had a hard time staying focused on where the chapter was going.  He does tie the mindsets into the conclusions he draws, but I found the mindsets themselves to be more personally useful for my own life.
4.0	 Definitely worth reading, even if you don't necessarily agree with him on how the mindsets play out.  I'll be revisiting the mindsets a number of times to get them firmly embedded in my brain.  And don't be surprised if I turn down some "adds" because I'm not ready to "subtract" something..
1.0	Anti-corporate Cassandras grind axes to sparse audiences these days.  In O'Boyle's piddling attempt to make us outraged at GE, he destroys his own credibility.  By attempting to pin every social ill of the late 20th  century on Jack Welch-- a good, if ruthless CEO-- his ideological ship  spins wildly out of control.  Downsizing is his fault. (Hello,  organizations are becoming streamlined all over the developed world)  Media  sensationalism is his fault. (Welch personally delights in the bottom  dwelling content of Dateline NBC) Anybody who has ever worked for a  corporation, especially one as big as GE, knows a few things that should  make readers way of O'Boyle's hokey cause and effect analysis: 1. The CEO  does not micromanage his or her company-- thousands of important decisions  are made under a CEOs jurisdiction every day. 2. Corporations are not  social utopias, and shouldn't be.  People get fired sometimes.  But people  are also given opportunities to do interesting work.  And competition is  good. 3. If there is a ubitiquitous problem in society, e.g. families are  no longer as stable, a corporation, which is sample unit of social  organization, will usually reflect, or possibly be linked more directly to  that problem.  However, small minds confuse this with causality, not  understanding the methodological pitfall of ad hoc ergo propter hoc.  For  example- families break up more, partially because people don't balance  work and family very well. Lots of people work for corporations.   Corporations caused the decline of the American family. Read the book--  O'Boyle is guilty of not understanding these truths and more
2.0	I'm a fan of Janet Evanovich and her Stephanie Plum series, I think it's laugh out loud funny.  I didn't care for this story at all, it seemed sloppily constructed and I agree with other reviewers, lacked a story line or believable characters.  I left off a few chapters into it, there was no point in finishing. 
1.0	Save your money and just make a guide yourself. This &amp;quot;discussion guide&amp;quot; has only one title page and then four pages of large font bare basic summary with a small sprinkling of questions. If you think that this is weak, you will go on to realize that the last of the four pages is even half taken up with the publisher's logo and information. If you hold the print out close to your ear... you can hear your money being flushed down the drain!!
5.0	The major strength of this book is that it goes right to the heart of the debate on social welfare policy.   Who is to blame?  Is it the person or is it their circumstances? Normally hysterics on both extremes of the political spectrum try to place all the blame either on society or on the person.  This book makes a run at splitting the difference. Frankly, I found this book better informed than the famous Nickel and Dimed.  The truth is that poverty is a tough problem to solve, and many of the best minds on the left and the right have failed us
1.0	I like the idea that Michael Lewis wrote this book/article to defend a man whose coaching techniques are clearly out of style in todays world of my child this and my child that. Having said that I did not like this book:
1.0	 1) the writing was chopping and hard to follow at times. i had to re-read many sentences to understand lewis' point. 
1.0	 2) the story lacked the depth of lewis' other wonderful books - where's the who/why/what that lewis used to moneyball (and others) educational - i wanted the story behind the story. 
1.0	 3) who were all the pictures of? i found them distracting... 
1.0	 i'll continue to read lewis' books bu thope the next one is bette
5.0	I am loving this book, but let's get one thing straight.  This is not a cupcake book, as the cover would lead you to believe.  In fact, I only saw one reference to a cupcake from a regular layer cake recipe, even though it is written by one of the owners of New York's famed Magnolia Bakery, which has gained notoriety for its cupcakes.  At any rate, the recipes contained in this book are pure magic.  So far I have made the white layer cake with chocolate chips and peanut butter icing (as suggested), and it was quite a hit with friends and family.  Other recipes I'm going to try in the next few days are the sour cream coffee cake and the buttercup golden layer cake.  This book is all about making things from scratch like they did in the olden days, but you could also mix and match homemade cakes with store-bought icing or vice-versa.  Read the introductory section with tips and pay attention to the details (e.g., use cake flour instead of all-purpose or self-rising, use butter/sour cream at room temp., etc.), which will make all the difference.  The section with icing recipes is short but covers a variety of flavors.  It's definitely not an Atkins-friendly cookbook or any of that, so you know it's good for your sweet tooth!  I would definitely recommend this book to any baker, novice or expert, and am looking forward to buying 'The Magnolia Bakery Cookbook' (co-authored by Appel) next
2.0	In this work, Bhagwati offers valid arguments for globalization.  He is takes some of the strongest criticisms of globalization and is able to find fault in them, and at the same time, declares the benefits of a globalized economy.
2.0	 However, one need not read the entire book to find out Bhagwati's views.  Bhagwati's stance on globalization is almost so extreme that he instinctively and automatically comes to the defense of globalization without providing a fair analysis.  As a Harvard professor, I would assume him to provide more academic and holistic defenses and criticisms.  However, his book is an easy read and one that opens the reader to arguments for and against globalization whether s/he has previous knowledge of globalization or not
5.0	Despite its somewhat maudlin title and front cover, this book is very interesting. It based on Jungian MBTI theory which in my view is a very powerful tool for understanding people's personality. The book itself is not theoretical: it gives a brief description of the 16 types and then there is a couple of pages for each of the 136 possible combinations. Much has been printed about the MBTI, but this one has a very interesting practical approach. For each combination, you find a paragraph on the strengths, a paragraph on the weaknesses, and a short list of key recommendations for each partner. Even if you know everything about Jungian psychology you can still discover some new insights on personality relationships. For the anecdote, my INTJ recommendation list (with my ESFJ wife) is a pretty goood summary of everything I do wrong at home 
5.0	this book was totally awesome! i mean people think that a sequel would just completly suck but no! it was great. i was very suprised how the author pulled me in with all the quirky romance, AGAIN! i can not express how great this book is. BUY IT! READ IT! anybody who loved the first one will abosolutly without a doubt love the second one
1.0	I wish I had read these reviews before I bought the book.  I would have saved myself $26.00.  As an American who has traveled and now lives in Europe part of the year I was continually appalled at how she maligned other travelers. She writes of being invited to be a guest speaker on a cruise ship and insults in print all of the other passengers. She had a free trip while others paid, but she ridiculed everyone. I was totally horrified of the things that she said about her former Father-in-law. Those statements had no relevance to the book and they do not belong in public print. This man is the grandfather of her daughter.  I am astounded at how she thrashed him publicly. Her book consisted mainly of telling the reader what town she was in, what was wrong with it and the rest of the chapter boring us with what books she was reading and quoting other authors, and relaying in detail every morsel that her and her husband ate.  I have visited and even lived in several of the towns she wrote about. Of the ones I have not been to unfortunately, nothing she wrote made me want to visit them. I am an avid reader of travel books and essays.  I will never again read anything by Frances Mayes.     
1.0	Do you really think cliches are the "secrets of success?"  This is a book to give to someone whom you know won't actually read it. 
1.0	A to Z has a big problem in my opinion. It is a very simple children's book with some very cute illustrations of animals (A to Z).  Each animal is engaged in an action that also begins with the first letter of it's name  (e.g. Kangaroos Kissing).  There are lots of made up animals, I'm assuming  to account for the rarity of animals beginning with &amp;quot;Q&amp;quot; and  &amp;quot;X&amp;quot; etc.  The part that I don't like is the fictitious  &amp;quot;Uglybirds&amp;quot; whose action is simply &amp;quot;Being Ugly&amp;quot;.  The  illustration that goes along with this so-called ugliness is very  disturbing.  The &amp;quot;Uglybirds&amp;quot; have atypical bird features that  seem intentional.  They are green and purple, and have messed up feathers  and big bulging eyes and are very &amp;quot;Different&amp;quot; from the  &amp;quot;normal&amp;quot; birds in this and other books.  Upon reading this, my  wife and I agreed that we would never repeat this section while reading to  our daughter.  Although I do intend on teaching my daughter about ugliness  (Racism, Violence, contempt, etc.).  I think that it is a quality that  shouldn't be used to describe physical appearance.  When my daughter  encounters a person who is physically unusual, I hope that I have instilled  in her the values to disregard what others might find &amp;quot;Ugly&amp;quot;.  I  know that some might think that I'm overanalyzing such an innocent entry in  a child's book, I think that parents need to be more careful about the  messages that they are sending about ugliness
1.0	If you want to read a Classic of Western Mythology, look no further.  This is specious philosophy under the guise of a supposed 'truth' about reality.  The tragedy of all this is noticing other reviewers' comments about how the contents of this book negatively influenced their lives.  Dawkins belief that we are machines created by our genes is a misleading view of reality, and when evolutionary 'science' catches up with evolutionary 'philosophy,' this view will come out false.  This could only be taken seriously by those who are so blinded by the details that they can no longer think straight, so they are not able to figure out where the argument is wrong, let alone realize something IS wrong with it.
1.0	 What almost everyone doesn't seem to understand, even about VALID arguments is this: ALL a valid argument does is set up a tug of war between the premises being true and the conclusion being false.  If the conclusion is OUTRAGEOUS, you don't, "bite the bullet," "swallow the medicine," and accept the conclusion anyway.  You say there MUST be something wrong with the premises, even if you can't point out where the mistake is.  It took some 2,000 years before someone came up with a solution to why Zeno's argument that 'nothing moves' is incorrect.  But during that period of time, NO ONE (except maybe a few fools here and there- probably 'intellectuals' like this Dawkins character) accepted the conclusion that nothing moves
2.0	This book was entertaining, but... there is only one 19-page chapter dedicated to the problem of "inappropriate elimination" (peeing/pooping in the wrong place), even though the author himself describes it as "the number one behavior problem".  He says "No other problem causes so much grief and leads them so often to consider the final solution of euthanasia".  I want to ask the author: given that, don't you think most people are buying the book for that reason and you should have dedicated more time to this topic???  The stories in that chapter did not contain any revelations for me - his examples all had fairly obvious causes and were easy to fix, such as the owner changed the litter box, boyfriend moved in, owner had 2 litter boxes for 6 cats, or the cat is doing it out of anxiety and responds nicely to medication (lucky them).  Throughout the book, I wish he had spent less time making cute anecdotes and more time detailing possible effective interventions
4.0	In the era of Avian Flu, the First Horseman is a chilling tale. The reappearance of the 1918 Spanish Flu near a North Korean bioweapons facility causes alarms to go off in Washington. The hunt for a potential vaccine leads to an unlikely venue: an Arctic mining town where victims of the flu were buried in permafrost in 1918. These victims, provided they never thawed, would still have virus material in their lungs. These material could be harvested for use in a vaccine.
4.0	 When American scientists finally reach the frozen town, they're startled to find an unsavory surprise awaits them. And things go downhill from there as an investigative journalist, the intelligence community, and other parties all race to get the vaccine before a biological attack is launched.
4.0	 Yes, you've got predictable plot twists and the conventional, whoa-is-that-guy-psychotic criminal mastermind. And, true, you know how everything will turn out in the end. But in between, a fair amount of excellent research detail and some chilling analogs to today's world of H5N1-brand Avian Flu make Case's book both highly relevant and truly ominous
5.0	This concise introduction to critical thinking presents rules for clear thinking, valid communications, and creating and assessing persuasive arguments. Its 87 brief pages are readily accessible to high school students, and useful to anyone interested in offering correct evidence and valid reasons to support conclusions.  When so much of what we read, hear, and see is intended to persuade us, or even mislead us, it is important to distinguish valid arguments from careless or manipulative ones.
5.0	 If good writing is clear thinking made visible, then this book provides excellent advice for writers. As a rulebook, it begins by presenting 30 rules for clearly constructing a valid case supporting your conclusion. It then turns to applying these rules for writing argumentative essays. It also treats fallacies and includes an appendix on correct use of definitions. The author recognizes this book is only an introduction to these topics and provides a good list of further reading.
5.0	 Fallacies are seductive and often go unnoticed and unchallenged. In this book, many fallacies are described alongside the rules they violate. A short chapter then names and briefly describes many types of fallacies. I would have liked to see this expanded. We have long recognized sexist and racist language and work to purge it from use. I look forward to a time when a broader set of fallacies will be routinely recognized and corrected in everyday conversation. Perhaps then it will be common to interrupt the speaker to say something like: "Excuse me, but you just used the fallacy of modus ponens by affirming the consequent. Please correct that logic error before proceeding."
5.0	Wintry, restful, appropriate, delightful illustrations accompany one of my favorite Robert Frost poems.  My children will enjoy this poem as much as I do
1.0	I love to read great books like BRAVE NEW WORLD by Aldous Huxley or FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD by Thomas Hardy. I love THE AENEID by Virgil, THE ODYSSEY by Homer. I read both long versions of LES MISERABLES and THE HUNCHBACK OF NORTE DAME by Victor Hugo. I read THE RISE AND FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE by Gibbons and gained much knowledge from doing so. I LOVE TO READ.
1.0	 But GREAT EXPECTATIONS was a GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT! I was somewhat amused until chapter ten where I felt the book became psycho-babble. I was also disappointed in TALE OF TWO CITIES. I could not endure the first two chapters! Dickens did a fine job on THE CHRISTMAS CAROL. But I will NEVER read another of his books
1.0	This is the kind of garbage they teach you to write in college--imitations of what's on the shelf right now, only "smarter," which really just means "condescending to those not born with a silver spoon in ultrawhite Marin County." But you shouldn't be surprised--the authoress also writes a blog which is just as bloated with self-absorption (even if she wants to pretend this is a novel: novels have PLOTS, honey). Bypass this and read some Dorothy Parker instea
2.0	Barber's analysis ignores important facts in order to prove his thesis about how the primary battle in the world being between the free market and religious fundamentalism. It works, somewhat, but fails to take into account numerous instances where this tension is called into question. Not every zealot in the world is an enemy of technology, as the War in Iraq has shown us.
2.0	Jim Ainsworth clearly demonstrates his extensive financial consulting experience throughout this book.  Much of the information is valuable, and it covers the important beginners' range of knowledge effectively. However,  his 'down to earth' style is not only irritating, it actually makes the  book painful to read. Good written English is not always the same as good  spoken English. Surely the man is a succesful financial consultant, but  that doesn't make him a good writer. It just goes to show that in a hot,  growing industry like financial consulting a book written by a 'qualified'  author will sell even if it is poorly written
5.0	My son loved having one of those pull out books and it be prefect when we got it...you know the pop up stuff. He wants the entire collection now... 
5.0	Dr. Rydelnik has done an excellent job of synthesizing his study of history and the Bible to bring clarity to an often-unclear issue. This book gives the reader a good grasp on the history, development, and current state of the the land of Israel and the conflict with the Palestinians. It also provides us with an invaluable, clear presentation of what the Bible has to say on the issues of who can claim ownership of the land, and of Israel and the Arab states in prophecy. I highly recommend it to anyone who would like a better understanding of the Middle East conflict, beyond what the headlines tell you.
5.0	Satirical.  Sarcastic.  Ironic.  Humorous.  Salinger is the master at the concept of deriding and satirizing the elements of life.  This book reveals the emotional roller coaster of a teenage boy's life.  The story starts off with a moody teenager, Holden Caulfield.  He is expelled from his third school, Pencey, and decides to hang around in New York City before heading back home.  In New York, Holden experiences the highs and lows of his life.  One minute, he is in a very elated state and then the next minute, he is down in the dumps.  As Holden journeys through the nice neighborhoods to the slums in NYC, he realizes what the true world holds in store for him.  Holden encounters run down hotels, clubs filled with losers, and plain old phoniness.  But he also meets kind and generous people who, in a way, provide a light to Holden and shows him that the world isn't all that bad.  Holden continually criticizes the phony life led by all those he knew through school and friends.  When he tries to run away from it all, he encounters even more problems with money shortage, unfriendly people, and just plain bad luck which lead him to complain about everything.  Salinger masters the art of satire to emphasize his message that being phony causes the person to lose their true identity and makes them assume another identity which they cannot live with at all.  As Holden tries to rediscover himself and his values, he finds out that his life is not bad at all compared to the bunch of phonies he meets
2.0	I am a fan of Michael Crichton's.  Having said that, I felt that the writing style of this particular book was incredibly choppy, and that certain characters were not well developed at all (e.g. the wife!)  
2.0	 The basic premise was very interesting and the book was suspenseful; it moved along at a fast pace.  However, Crichton added too many characters, and made the book too dense.  I had to skim the last several chapters because I wanted to know what happened at the end, but I was getting extremely bored.
2.0	 Obviously, he has come a long way since this book :-)
2.0	 Sigrid
1.0	One of the more interesting topics in this book is the Arab-Israeli conflict.  While there is much more in the book than this portion, I think Huband's treatment of this conflict is so far off that it compromises the entire work.  And Huband begins the section by quoting an Arab who says that although Israelis say they want peace, they do not really want it.
1.0	 Well, what are we to make of this?  After all, we know that the Israelis, good or bad, do want peace and do need peace.  They spent the past several decades building up a nation.  And they want to keep it.  That is one reason they need peace.  And that is also a reason why it is easy to tempt them with bogus offers of peace, just like tempting a fish with bait on a hook.  But just as fish need food, Israelis need peace.
1.0	 Huband didn't say that.  
1.0	 But we know that Israelis really do want peace.  We know that if Israelis are innocent victims, they want peace.  We know that if Israelis are guilty thieves, they still want peace, just to keep their illicit gains.  What does it mean for Huband to imply that Israelis do not really want (or do not really appear to want) peace?  
1.0	 Well such a claim is surely a falsehood.  But more than that, it is a taunt.  After all, suppose a bully decides to beat you up.  And suppose that bully claims you want to fight!  Obviously, you may well prefer to be left alone to being beaten up.  What the bully is saying is a taunt.  It's more than a mere falsehood.  It is a blatant way for bullies to tease their victims.  
1.0	 That means that Huband's book is taunting Israelis.  That's not a very good thing for a journalist to do.  It goes beyond telling mere falsehoods.
1.0	 Huband also implies that Jews have taken Arab land, and admit to it.  And that they have taken an Arab country!  I wonder which one?  And I also wonder if buying land at high prices constitutes "taking" it.   After all, we humans are living on the same planet as the one that existed in 1805.  Not one human who was alive in 1805 is alive today.  Have we all stolen the planet from them?  Of course not.  We have bought it and inherited it.  There has been some theft, but that is no reason to invalidate the right of all humans to live on this planet today.
1.0	 Huband implies that the Arabs ought to have a greater right to steal Jewish land than the Jews do to own the land they bought at high prices.  That's bad journalism too.
1.0	 And there's more.  The author calls former Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu an "extremist."  Now, I might understand making some snide remark about former Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, who after all was a former leader of the Stern Gang.  One might even do the same for former Prime Minister Menachim Begin, who was a former leader of the Irgun.  But Netanyahu?  Once again, this is poor journalism.  And by the way, you might want to see how often the author calls any Arabs "extremists."
1.0	 It is true that antisemitic propaganda and incitement in the Arab world has reminded many Israelis of similar propaganda and incitement in Germany in the 1930s.  And that has resulted in some analogies being made between Arab antisemitism today and German antisemitism before and during World War Two.  Huband makes fun of such analogies.  I think he should have taken them seriously.  More bad journalism.
1.0	 The author does take Benjamin Beit-Hallahmi seriously, though.  Huband quotes him to explain that the Arabs are "innocent bystanders," and that the Jews are visiting revenge on the Arabs for European antisemitism!  This is total nonsense, of course.  More bad journalism.  
1.0	 Now, does a "one-state" solution to the Arab-Israeli conflict make sense?  Maybe so.  Israel exists in order to protect Jewish rights and to provide a refuge for Jews.  It exists to provide a state where Jews will speak Hebrew natively, attend Hebrew schools universities, have Hebrew traditions, and so forth.  It can do all that in a state which has a large non-Jewish population.  And Israel, even with ten thousand square miles, would be rather small for a state which houses over five million Jews.  If Jewish rights to life, liberty, property, and immigration are protected, a one-state solution may be best.  Besides, while many people say that another Arab state is needed as well, I see no real need for one except as a mechanism to attack or destroy Israel.
1.0	 The author agrees that a one-state solution is best.  And I think he even acknowledges that Israel is part of the Middle East.  But it seems to me that his reason for wanting a one-state solution is to demolish Jewish rights rather than support them.  And getting rid of human rights would be bad for everyone in the region.
1.0	 This book is a good one to avoid
2.0	Really tried to like this book. Premise was grand; story bobbed and weaved; conclusion was flimsy. Discursive scientific literalizations distract &amp; disorient. Crichton breaks the rule to never stanch the flow. I dislike the quartet of scientists who investigate the outbreak; they don't come across to the reader as likeable
1.0	How many pages should a writer fill to explain that a character is afraid of forks, knives and mirrors?  Two?  Well Koontz takes over a hundred, and repeats, repeats, repeats.  500 pages should have been cut from this book.  Repetition weakens writing
2.0	The good first. There is a lot of good. I enjoyed and agree with every chapter except the chapter about men keeping a visual rolodex of sexual images for their perusal. 
2.0	 My husband and I have a great marriage. He knows I have the utmost respect for him and he has great love for me. He is certainly not ever wanting more sex, just complaining about how he feel like a piece of meat sometimes. (In jest I'm sure.)I say that to show, that not coming from a prude, the author puts for the idea that men just lust and fantasize about women nonstop and it's normal. I am quite sure she used the word normal at least twice. It was dealt with like, it's a fact so get used to it.  Your man might chase women around home depot to get a better look, or go out to dinner with you and remain preoccupied with the hostess all night. The men give accounts of this, like, oh well, doesn't mean I don't love my wife.  In my opinion, just b/c they aren't willing to risk actually acting on those thoughts, doesn't mean it's ok. 
2.0	 I found the book to be very very discouraging. That a bunch of married Christian men would unapologetically (key word here)see a woman in a fitted worksuit no less (we're not talking lingerie here) and think about what she's like in bed or what her nipples look like. There's no mention that maybe this is lust or committing adultery in your heart. Or maybe they should not do this. It really threw me for a loop! I guess I didn't realize just how insecure or sex crazed men are. Not that I think they don't want a lot of it. But I found it discouraging for Christian wives to think that their husbands can't go to work without picturing everyone naked.  I found it disturbing that the book is purporting this is giving the idea to men a lisence to do this since it's "normal" and women just need to get used to the idea
2.0	There was no 4 page inventory insert.
2.0	 Where can I get one?
2.0	 D.Charles William
5.0	I purchased this book for my 17 year old daughter. She needed it for an assignment at school. The book was exactly what she needed.  It shipped fast and is in great condition
2.0	This novel started out pretty good in that I didn't know where Koontz was going with Martie's panic attacks and fear of herself.  It seemed to take FOREVER for anything to actually happen. The antagonist was a caricature.  So over-the-top, it was a job getting through each page. If this had been my first Koontz novel, I probably wouldn't bother with a second.
1.0	That one day 4 year olds will be able to actually read this book.
1.0	 This book is not meant for kids aged 4-8. It is well beyond what they understand. Frankly , i don't even think a 4 year old can even read this. Nice pictures. But unfortunately , i don't enjoy buying a book for pictures. I can get pictures anywhere. I didn't need to purchase this book to get them. Anyway , don't buy this book unless you enjoy paying a high price for pictures. With regards to the age group. Unless you have a gifted 4 year old this book is a waste of time for him/her
1.0	A disappointing rehash of early works on the 1781 Siege of Yorktown.  Half the book deals with the southern campaign of the American Revolution.  The portion of the book dealing with Yorktown strays greatly from the chronological happenings of the siege.  For example, the author starts detailing the story of the assaults on redoubts 9 and 10, which occurred on the night of October 14th.  Before completing the account of the assaults, he jumps to the sortie by the British on the night of October 16th and then after several paragraphs goes back to the assaul on the redoubts.  A better choice for those wanting to read about the siege is Henry P. Johnston's book on the Yorktown Campaign
1.0	Do not buy this book unless you are being retested on the old PMP or CAPM exam.   This book is based on the 2nd edition (2000) of the PMBOK and is therefore obsolete.  The current exams use the 3rd edition (2004) of the PMBOK.  Much has changed so this book will mislead you and you will answer exams questions incorrectly.  The processes, process groups, some definition have changed.  As a result, many of his test questions will be wrong also. I am a PMP and I teach PMP and CAPM test prep sessions
1.0	No intellectual can afford to be unacquainted with the immortal John Dewey and his "experimental school." Who would dare criticize the education legend inseparably linked with the irreproachable rhetoric of "progressivism?" I would.
1.0	 Dewey's conception of the child as learner assumes that the uneducated mind is essentially capable of directing its own knowledge by a spontaneous inquisitiveness stemming  from nature study. This he then expects to blossom into a more expanded consideration of the various academic subjects with the teacher merely facilitating transitions and answering the child's self-posed questions. The problems in Dewey's model begin with his science fair-meets-museum-meets-playground-meets-lecture hall school design: the model is untested on any large scale and the cost plus upkeep is prohibitively expensive. Classes are small and require several specialists and non-reusable materials. As if kids didn't have enough problems with the basic skills set already, Dewey would have them heavily involved in shop and home economics. Even more outrageous in Dewey's model is the premise that we ought never force students to study what they do not like. Their own intellectual prejudices reign supreme and by implication, teachers are discouraged from evaluating against solid standards. Experienced teachers know that kids can easily hide their shortcomings even when required to study their weak subjects, and that remediation is hard to implement before they slip further behind. How could Dewey's recommendation to cater almost exclusively to the child's intrinsic likes NOT further disguise and exacerbate low performance?
1.0	 Deweyism of course, like many other off-the-wall theories of education, denies Behaviorism when it refuses to acknowledge psychological patterns in man. It depicts formulaic teaching and learning as fundamentally faulty and generalized curricula as harmful to student individuality. Nothing could less representative of the quality research conducted, particularly Project Follow Through: the great skeleton in the student-centered advocates' closet. I'd personally like to see Dewey's updated plan for seamlessly moving kids, who come into class with their "natural inquisitiveness" programmed by TV, rap music, and other pop media, into colonial American history, calculations of hyperbolic asymptotes, Tennessee Williams, and the "plus-que-parfait" tense. But of course, such leaps of interest are unnecessary if we utterly throw out the old-fashioned academic corpus along with the old-fashioned school system.
1.0	 90% of students in high schools today report that they do NOT feel adequately challenged. Maybe the answer doesn't lie in yielding to children's lack of intellectual discipline but in tapping their potential to control that uninformed caprice. Dewey's "progressivism" relies upon the contradiction of allowing uneducated mind educate the teacher on its own education. From the absurdity of it, I can only conclude that sane people latch onto this school gedankenexperiment to maintain an escapist fantasy in light of dismally high drop-out rates, lowered standards, and social discord. But a radical solution is not necessarily synonymous with a good one
4.0	Just remember "A man a plan a canal Panama" reads front to back and back to front
4.0	 Great book by a great author.  
5.0	Will people 100 or 200 years from now look around and wonder where all of the rivers are?  I hope not
5.0	I received this book at my 60th birthday party (which was a weekend with women only -30 of us - at a cottage in the Canadian mountains). Everyone autographed it and wrote something to me in it just like in the 50's with your highschool yearbooks. Each woman picked out a page and just wrote what she felt or thought. I also shared it with my friends who couldn't come to the party and they also signed it happily and sincerely. There are many autographs and lines written throughout the book and I still look through the pages with enjoyment. Women of all walks of life, all circumstances, all levels of inner and outer beauty featured within its pages - just like my friends. 
5.0	 Since then, I have bought it for most of my girlfriends at their coming of age parties.
5.0	 It's a good time to be 60, I will tell you that
2.0	I'm sorry, but I expect more out of a book. Beginning on page one the character development was infantile and the writing sophomoric. After reading beautiful books such as Cold Mountain and Brideshead Revisited, to mention just two, I found that this book started off so poorly and was so amateurish that I knew it would be a plot-driven monstrosity that wouldn't be worth the read. At page four I was fed up with the author's style and slammed the book shut
2.0	this one simply is too mediocre not even qualified being good. i've read all iles' complicated yet fasinating novels, most of them carried the weight as any great book should be except some of the endings felt lame and rushed. but this 24 hours didn't hang on in my hands and lock up my eyes' over 24 minutes, i just returned it to the library the next day and would not think about re-reading it again. the other books such as the quiet game, sleep no more, blood memory, dead sleep are all great reading experiences, his first and second ones were just too jewish focused. concentrating on the south is a trade mark of iles, although after hurricane katrina, the nopd police force seemed to be a totally ridiculous lame duck and incapable of doing anything right, not as good as what iles described in his novels. all said, this time no cigar for you, poncho
2.0	I listened to the unabridged version on tape.  I enjoy audio books because I'm able to work at the same time (I paint).  So I get to feed my desire for great fiction, and get my work done at the same time. 
2.0	 Blair Brown did an incredible job as a narrator. She was able to create a unique "voice" for each character in the story,making  it easy for the reader to keep track of all of the characters from the get go.
2.0	 However, by the time I got to the end of the tape, I was glad that I at least had painted those six hours instead of wasting my time reading this novel!  I was so disappointed at the end, and found myself really irritated by the main character about three quarters of the way into the story. From the beginning of the story, I was irritated by the character's daughters too.  Also, I was irritated that nothing outwardly seemed to change in Rebecca's life.  OK, she had an arc, but it was all in her head. I found it very unfullfilling.  If I hadn't been passively listening to the story, while doing something else, I probably wouldn't have finished the novel
4.0	Why is it so hard for us to give this man the credit he deserves? We've seen the movies and read the books. And yet, every time I see a book by John Grisham in Hangzhou, I think, "I don't have to finish reading it if I don't like it." I think of his value as trade bait, since he's so popular. And yet, I have never put aside a John Grisham book unread. What more does he have to do? Become less popular? 
4.0	 The premise on the back cover is simple enough. A homeless guy takes nine lawyers hostage, somebody dies, and one of our lawyers is changed by the experience. You have no idea what an excellent novel can come from such a simple idea. I've read almost everything Grisham has written, and I can remember most of it, and I'd have to put this at the top of the list. He's a master of character, plotting, simplifying the complex, setting, words, and accessibility. The writer should do all the work so the reader doesn't have to. 
4.0	 John Grisham, folks. He's the genuine article. Let's say it, okay?
1.0	This is the longest textbook I have in my collection and it is also a bad investment book at that. I know some readers really enjoyed the detailed explanations, but the book was too detailed and wordy for me. Many of the explanations are unnecessary and examples can be simplified to get to the core of the problem/concept and drive at a much stronger intuitive understanding. But this book doesn't do that. It is cluttered with definitions and wordiness that kill the intuition one could get by reading a more concise, straightforward text. A really good book is Investment Science, by David Luenberger. Although his text assumes you have some background in calc/stat/probability theory, the writing, examples, and organization is far superior. You'll actually begin to understand how investment really works, without getting bogged down by the numbers, terminology, and jargon
1.0	This was the first book by Daniel Steel that I laid my hands on....Really could not make out how she strikes the chord with the readers. There are so many open ends in the story...chartacters are not distinctly outlined...Tremendous scope of improvement on the story is there
2.0	I agree with the comment below.  Boring.  I also have read all the books in the series and look forward to each new one.  
2.0	 This one was not up to the standard I expected with the In Death Series.
2.0	 By the end of the first chapter you knew the killer and why.  The conflict with Mira didn't fit either.
2.0	 Maybe the next one will be better
2.0	This book has a lot of names.  I'll give it that.  But, there are some relatively common names that are missing.  And so many invented names.  My favorite of the invented names are Schmoopie and Poogie.  As if these names will show up on a birth certificate!!  
2.0	 The definitions/origins of the names are poorly researched and confusing.  
2.0	 For the name "Cowboy" the book tells you it means "country"  for the name "Country" it tells you it means "western".  
2.0	 Not that either of those is a standard name, but, for "words as names" aren't you going to pick it because it has meaning to you?  
2.0	 Also, the lists are totally false, something the author (if you can call her that) made up while sitting around drinking with her buddies.  And some of the names on these lists aren't even found later in the book.  (ex. Lynus on the "Party animals" list)
2.0	 I wish I had held out for a trip to the bookstore instead of just picking up the first book I saw at Walmart.   I figured with so many names I would find one I liked, but I am just so distracted by all the junk that I will never find a good name here. 
1.0	I've read a lot of Stephen King's work, and loved most of it, but 'Firestarter' was a big letdown! 
1.0	 It's not quite in the 'abomination' category of 'From a Buick 8', but at least King could blame that one on his car accident. This one is probably only about as good as 'The Tommyknockers.'
1.0	 The premise is great, but once it gets away from 'Andy and Charlie on the run', and becomes 'The Life Story of Tom Rainbird', it goes downhill very quickly!
1.0	 Not to knock King too much, but as this books goes along, it seems obvious that SK was losing interest, either because he found the two lead characters too limiting for whatever reason, and wanted to 'explore' the supporting characters more; or simply because this book came out fairly early in King's career, when he was known to partake of certain 'substances' which he later swore off!
1.0	 Worth reading only if you really want to read every SK novel. Otherwise, just be glad that nearly every book he wrote after this one(with the exception of the two mentioned above) surpasses 'Firestarter'
1.0	I received what looked like a nicely preserved used copy. 
1.0	 The book literally fell apart from the binding the first time I read it. It continued to come unglued from the binding each time I attempted to read it. 
1.0	 Not a good quality copy. 
1.0	 Would not purchase from this supplier agai
1.0	My roommate gave me this book and I thought it would be a good read during the winter break (I am a college student).  Halfway through chapter 2 (pg 18) I decided to stop reading the book. The book can be summarized by saying that we human make decisions based on feeling and not logic. This book explains why is that. But it doesn't teach you how to become more logical
5.0	This is one of my least favorite Bellow novels. But because it is Bellow it has a lot worth reading in it. His thoughts about society and culture may not always be exactly on the mark, but they usually stimulate and inspire. In this novel the hero is a bit less sympathetic than many of his other main characters. Henderson, Herzog, Humboldt, Sammler , Augie March have vivacity and life that Dean Corde does not.  The Dean's wife too falls short of Bellow's livelier and more appealing feminine creations, for instance the Ramona and Madelaine of Herzog. So too the whole spirit of the work has about it a pessimism and bleakness which contrast strongly with that of Augie March, and Henderson, and even in its way, Herzog. This book is really a winter book, and it has coldness and dying in it. And it has the oppression of the Communist Iron Curtain world in Romania, and the depression of Chicago's most beaten and desperate streets. The characters and the story seem less alive than the ideas. 
5.0	 Again this is not one of his best. Far from it. But it is Bellow and because of that a worthwhile read.
5.0	The book has been very helpful and informative.  The recipes are quick and easy and the stories are inspirational... I've lost almost thirty pounds by following the regimes explained in this book..
1.0	Choose your attitude, Play, Make their day and be present.
1.0	 There I saved you the 2 hours it takes to read this book
5.0	"The Andromeda Strain" may be an antique in science fiction, having been published in 1969, but that hardly diminishes its excellence.  The caliber of Michael Crichton's research is such that I still found the technology and science in the book impressive (though the computers were obviously dated) despite the book's age.  The plotline is thrilling, and though some of the scientific and philosophic asides are lengthy, most are equally fascinating.  I was slightly disappointed by the ending; however, the rest of the book was amazing and made the reading worth it
5.0	17 years later and many things have changed. The desire of investors to accurately gauge the stability of the companies in their portfolios remains the same. The incentive of management with stock options to hide the true nature of what the reality of what the company's earnings have been remains strong. Some of the techniques mentioned will be hard to use when companies employ SPEs to hide their true indebtedness and derivative positions mask the Value at Risk. However, many of the technique still have value. The analysis of receivables and inventories can provide insight into the immediate future of the company. The techniques that have lost their clear edge are the debt and write-off analysis. Write-offs are now required by GAAP (although the "big bath" write-offs are still "non-recurring") and SPEs or variable interest entities can obscure debt. It is fascinating in light of Enron, WorldCom, Qwest, Tyco, and Adelphia the stories of companies in the 70s and 80s that were attempting to do the same thing (though often without the fraud). How little man changes through the ages
4.0	I finished Kaplan's Ends of the Earth today.  I liked the book.  Kaplan has consistently been one of my favorite authors (Atlantic Monthly) His theme is consistent: many nation states are not really nation states.  I felt that his comments about Iran were especially poignant, given how some view Iran as part of the "Axis of Evil".  I get the sense that when this book was written, Kaplan had great hope for the future 
4.0	 of Iran as they struggle with theocracy.
4.0	 Ecocide, or the killing of natural resources is a new topic for me that Kaplan introduces.  According to Kaplan, many developing nations have traded immediate benefits for the long term health of their natural resources.  His observations are very very interesting, especially his observations from the 
4.0	 post-Soviet nations like Uzbekistan.
4.0	 Kaplan is a bold, imaginative and thoughtful writer, he is not merely another journalist or another travel writer. His message, right or wrong, is sincere and based on his own personal observations. I highly recommend this work for anyone interested on new perspectives in current affairs.
5.0	When I first saw it I got disapointed for the size of the book.  I realized how good it was when I started reading it.  It's amazing how much information was placed into such a little thing
2.0	This is one of those rare treats in the literary world that grab your attention, keep you enthralled, and refuse to let you stop reading.  I read this book and literally did not sleep one night because I was too busy trying to finish the book.  But what makes this book so rare is not because of how good it is, but it's because how good everything is until the very end.  That's right, the incredible cop-out of an ending made me mad enough to hate the entire novel.  This is "deus ex machina" in its finest form.  This is unexcusable in my opinion.  I just don't get it.  I just don't understand how one can (seemingly) work so hard on a work of fiction only to screw everyone in the final pages.  I gave it two stars (as opposed to one) for fooling everyone into reading through this book.  This is by far and away my most dissappointing reading ever
5.0	The Reiki techniques are presented in a simple easy to understand format.
5.0	 I appreciated the author sharing the healing and psychic attunements; other Reiki authors only mention them and never explain how they are performed
4.0	Ruth Benedict's The Chrysanthemum and the Sword is an anthropological study of Japanese culture during World War II.  It was her job to "spell out what the Japanese were like." (3)  One of the great aspects of this book is that Benedict's main arguments hold true even to this day.  Although many of her examples may be a bit outdated from our modern perspective, her conclusions drawn from those examples are still valid.
4.0	 However, due to the time that it was written, 1944-6, Benedict was unable to study in Japan.  Instead, she had to rely on articles already written about Japan and interviews with Japanese immigrants.  In doing so, Benedict is able to draw three major conclusions about the Japanese: Japanese society is hierarchically structured, but in such a way that allows class mobility; that everyone has a debt, or &amp;#24681; (on), they must repay to the world; their particularistic society allows them to easily adapt to almost any situation.  For example, Benedict tells us that hierarchy is one of the key aspects of Japanese society, so much so that they have "what is called a `respect language.'" (47)  This means that forms of speech are altered to reflect the status of the speaker compared to the listener.  Before the Meiji Restoration, the Emperor was at the top of the hierarchy, followed by the Shogun, daimyo, samurai, farmers, artisans, merchants and finally the outcasts.  Japan operated in this hierarchical order for hundreds of years and it worked very well.  As a result of this, the Japanese people learned that as long as they did not do anything outside this order "they could trust their world." (70)  It was a system which "guaranteed security so long as one followed the rules." (73)  Although the Meiji Reform attempted, in part, to do away with these class distinctions, it was not terribly successful: Samurai became powerful bureaucrats, merchants still became more and more wealthy, farmers were farmers, and the outcasts were still looked down upon - despite their emancipation.  The same can be said even of today's Japan.  The elite families such as Mitsubishi and Mitsui are still very powerful.  Due to their integral role in Japan's economy, they are able to sway Diet members' opinions their way.
4.0	 Another unique aspect of Japanese hierarchy, Benedict tells us, is that it allows for class mobility.  Just because one is born a merchant's son does not mean one has to always be a commoner.  As merchants during the pre-Meiji era became wealthier, they were able to marry into samurai families.  In this way, the "merchant's descendants become samurai" and the samurai family marries into more money. (72)  Although this still occurs today between wealthy and prestigious families, there is also another way to move up and gain social prestige.  By studying hard and getting into the best schools, one can be sure of a secure future.  If one graduates from Tokyo University, it would be very difficult to not find a good job.  In this manner, even a lowly farmer's second son can be an important man.
4.0	 One point that should be made clear about the Japanese hierarchy is that the American view of hierarchy is not quite correct.  Americans views it as a very rigid and controlling way of life - indeed it is.  However, the authority that a father exerts on his family or a Shogun over the nation is not dictatorial.  The opinions and well-being of the entire group are taken into consideration before any decisions are made.  "The master of the house saddles himself with great difficulty" if he acts purely according to his own will. (55)
4.0	 Benedict's second main observance of the Japanese is their sense of &amp;#24681;, or indebtedness, and the need to repay it.  The Japanese believe, she tells us, that when a child is born, he is immediately indebted to the Emperor and will never be able to repay even a one-ten-thousandth of it back.  The child is also indebted to his parents.  Only after becoming one "does he know how indebted he is to his own parents." (102)  Tied directly to this idea is virtue.  In Japan, repaying ones debts is a very important part of life.  One must always be careful to remember &amp;#24681; to the Emperor and the parents.  Therefore, it is considered a virtue when one works toward repaying any debts and as a burden to acquire more.  This sense of repaying someone continues even now.  It is evident in gift giving practices in which an employee gives a boss a New Year's present as a way of paying him back for employment.  Also, when a guest visits a family he will often bring &amp;#12362;&amp;#37202; (sake) or some other small present as repayment for burdening the family.  A peculiar side-effect of &amp;#24681; is that people do not often help strangers in need.  To do so would be to give that person &amp;#24681; they would likely not be able to repay.
4.0	 Benedict's final insight into the Japanese culture is their ability to adapt to almost any situation.  The most obvious example of this is their attitude toward the Occupation.  When the Emperor announced the unconditional surrender of Japan, the Japanese considered it a natural course of events and "accepted all that such a fact implied." (305)  There are numerous stories of the politeness showed to American troops upon arrival in Japan.  Even the fact that there were no resistance forces or sabotage attempts during the Occupation is a strong testament to this ability.  "Japan's real strength," Benedict says, "lies in her ability to say..., `That failed,'" and take a completely different path. (304)  Benedict then says Japan "could make herself indispensable in the commerce of the East," which could not be closer to the truth. (314)  Japan's economy boomed after the Reconstruction and made it the technological center of the world.  Of course, anyone could make such a prediction given the fact that Japan was no longer allowed to have an army.  All the money that had been poured into the military could now be directed elsewhere.
4.0	 Overall, I believe The Chrysanthemum and the Sword accomplishes Benedict's goal of describing the fundamentals of Japanese culture and is a great addition to the existing literature on Japan.  As I have previously stated, some of her examples are indeed old-fashioned (i.e. the stern mother-in-law and the tale of Hachiko) and may appear irrelevant to the study of modern Japan; however, what she is able to draw from these examples is still applicable.  We should consider that even though America today is much different than the America of the `40's, the same sorts of principles are held today - this can also be said of modern Japan
4.0	The Corrections is the tale of the Lambert family, a pretty standard late 20th century Midwestern family.  Alfred Lambert, the father, suffers from an array of old-age medical disorders. His wife, Enid, lives in denial of his (and her own) problems and thrusts her frustration upon their now-grown children:  Chip, the failed academic turned New York screenwriter, Denise, the sexually confused upscale cook in Philadelphia and Gary, the maritally frustrated investment banker in Philly.  The plot follows the three children's lives as the fall apart, seemingly in sync with the collapse of Alfred's health.  The story is driven by Enid's desire to have her three children return home for Alfred's "last" Christmas.
4.0	 Franzen does an amazing job of carefully winding the story together, introducing fun moments of "aha!" to the reader.  Recurring themes and motifs include mind altering drugs, the boom of the late 1990s, and the former Soviet Bloc.  Secondary characters connect primary characters together via seemingly random (yet believable) relationships.
4.0	 I found this novel an interesting read, but I had a hard time getting through it.  The novel, at times, is horribly depressing.  The relationships of Gary, Denise, and Chip are painful to read, although maybe that's what makes this novel so captivating at times - you can really identify with the characters.  I think, at one point or another, we've all been a Gary, Denise, Chip or Enid
1.0	My husband has a theory that Danielle Steel has a dart board and each circle surrounding the center is labeled either, falls in love, loses family member, has death of loved-one,fights for life of herself or loved one, loses partner,business or spouse. He feels when she is at a loss she justs throws off a dart and whatever she hits becomes the outline for her next book. 
1.0	 I have been a loyal fan for many many years and take his kidding with a smile and secretly pray he's not right. 
1.0	 This book proved me wrong and he was right all these years.
1.0	 It was so obvious from the first few pages what was happening that I was certain I had read this story before somewhere. After having waited  long time to get this book from my local library I was so disappointed that it was so poorly written and so badly not thought through I couldn't even read it completely, but skipped sections to finish it, knowing what was going to happen before I got to it.  
1.0	If there was something less than a "one star rating" this book would qualify! Just a terrible collection of short stories going nowhere. Very dis-jointed. Very wordy. I kept reading to the end, in hopes of finding some kind of conclusion. The only conclusion found is to share the bad experience, in hopes of saving others from some pain and frustration! I'll never read Peter Straub again! Ugh
1.0	Initially, I was excited to pick up a collection of short stories by Straub. But, this has got to be my least favorite of all of Straub's work. Every story seems disjointed an incomplete. I never got a full sense of what happened by the time i finished each story. I kept reading the book, however, in hopes of finding a gem. I came close with &amp;quot;Mrs. God&amp;quot;, but again felt let down on the outcome. Each story is too much buildup and not enough delivery. I was glad to finish this book and put it back on the shelf. Despite the positive reviews, I was not impressed
5.0	I don't know how I missed this jewel until now, but I'm glad I finally found it.  I haven't been this moved by a work of fiction in a long, long time.  I found myself so drawn to Charlie and to what was happening to him, to his longing for acceptance and love, and to his quest to make sense of his world.  The desire for acceptance and love--from oneself and from others--is something all people have in common regardless their IQ.  I cried as Charlie regressed, all the while knowing what was happening to him, realizing the profundity of his loss, yet finally being grateful for the short period of intellect and what that contributed to science.  
5.0	 I can't disagree more with the reviewer who says the book's ending was predictable.  For a while, I thought the book would be about the trick of combining great intellect with human love.  When Fay put the female mouse in with Algernon, I kept waiting to see if this theme would be played out, first with the mouse, later with Charlie.  One possible ending would have been to let Charlie have his high IQ but, unlike Algernon, be able to integrate intellect with emotion.  Another ending would have been to go back to the lower IQ, and have a completely sterile existence devoid of anyone.  This of course did not happen as the people at the bakery also showed growth by the book's end and were able to truly take Charlie in and befriend him.  I think the author came up with a good ending by causing Charlie to lose the intellect, but to have gained self-love and the love of others, things he did not have at the start of his journey.
5.0	I just reread it recently as an adult. I had this boxed set of three hardcover E.B. White books when I was a kid - Charlotte's Web, The Trumpet of the Swan (which I remember as my favorite of the three, though I hardly remember it today), and Stuart Little. 
5.0	 I was so happy when the cheap paperback they ordered here was the same printing - same illustrations and everything. Anyway, coming back to it as an adult (or sort of adult) was surprising - it was so beautifully laid out, the tone, the story, the dark deep themes - as a short novel, it stands with the best of literature. I know there's no such thing as a "perfect" novel, but as far as any literary criteria can be applied, it is absolutely beautiful - symmetrical in all the right places, gentle as it deals with the harshness of life, all the dark undertones - the sheep in the background with their collective understated cruelty, Templeton the amoral hedonist, the cruelty of time that makes little girls grow up - and yet somehow tenderness persists. 
5.0	 It's elegant and real and cosmic and full of quaint Americana. Certainly not only for children. A fine novel by any standards
1.0	I cannot recommend this novel to any reader.  It had too many aspects of the countless, over-the-top feminist rants that are becoming so tiresome.  It was predictable that one of the few decent men in the story was dispatched toward the end so that the women could resume their life together.  The history, the relationships and the settings were unbelievable.
4.0	The title of this novel would lead one to believe that it's about the life of a student in college, but that's not exactly the case.  Sure, part of it takes place at college, but in truth it's more of a coming-of-age story;  a young man's attempt to reconcile his working class, suburban upbringing with the wealth and intellectual glamour he discovers at prestigious Yale University.  It's a well-told and compelling tale, and, like other Perrotta novels, leaves one with something to think about at its end. 
4.0	 We meet Danny in his junior year as he is finally coming into his own.  He's established himself intellectually, he's got new and interesting friends, and he's even a bit of a celebrity in that he's an integral part of a newly-minted literary magazine.  It's now been more than two years since he came to school and his home-town ties are slowly disintegrating.  But some are more difficult to abandon than others.  
4.0	 His father, for one, owns a lunch truck, or roach coach.  In a mid-life change of careers, he's decided to become his own man, to run his own business.  But it is stressful work, and damaging to his health.  Danny finds that he must spend all his vacation time helping him.  Then there is the girl Danny met from his old high school.  She's a secretary now, at a run-of-the-mill, small industrial plant.  He goes out with her knowing full well that the relationship will never blossom into anything.  He is aware he is using her.  
4.0	 Although Danny is doing well, grade-wise, he is painfully aware of all of the shenanigans going on around him, some of which he participates in.  A girl has basically moved into his suite with one of his roommates.  Other roommates smoke dope.  Another spends his time in fascination with assassins of American presidents.  Everybody drinks way, way too much.  One evening, while cavorting with a female on the campus grounds, he is ridiculed by a student-actor dressed as the "fool" from Shakespeare's King Lear.  Is this why our parents spend thousands and thousands of dollars a year?  He thinks.
4.0	 With his background, he is able to view these goings-on through the eyes of the average working-stiff American, and without ever explicitly saying why, finds that he is ashamed.  His actions, sometimes reckless, sometimes foolish, seem to indicate a subconscious desire to be punished.  This conflict is unresolved by novel's end.  
4.0	 It is unlikely that this novel will ever win a Pulitzer Prize, or even be nominated for one.  There is no huge encompassing theme, there are no substantial truths revealed, there is no scathing indictment of society.  None of that.  It is, however, a tautly told, bright, compelling narrative with characters one would expect to meet in real life.  
4.0	 It is, frankly, the type of thing which present-day aspiring authors should strive for.  The average reader is not interested in being dazzled by an author's research or bombarded with symbolic references to Freud, he is interested in being told a good story.  If an author does this well enough and often enough, all of those other elements--the ones which make a novel great--will fall into place.  Indeed, they did so in Mr. Perrotta's most recent effort, the excellent Little Children.  Joe College works because, at the very least, it is a fine example of the art of storytelling. 
1.0	What happened???  All we got was, "have you seen my cat?"  "you are not my cat."  "Have you seen my cat?"  "You are not my cat."  What's the point of this???  Seems like Eric Carle just wrote anything to make a buck.  Stupid dumb book!!!  Waste my money!!
1.0	I wish I had followed Everett Logan's advice and skipped this cassette. You can tell that the material itself is great, but the narrator is terrible, terrible, terrible. He dumbs down the text. I bought this to give to someone recuperating from surgery, but decided to listen to it myself first. I'm glad I did -- I would have been embarrassed to give this to anyone
2.0	I zipped through the first 100 pages of this book unable to put it down.  Unfortuneately the author seems to run out of gas after that.  The main character just goes on a big, boring sight seeing tour.  It reminded me of that show on the Travel Channel where that girl visits hotel after hotel fawning over the interior design. There is not a hint of conflict until the final pages and then it's very short-lived and quickly followed by one of the worst non endings I've ever read.  The book just stops.  Not a hint of resolution or even a cliff hanger pointing to a sequel.
2.0	 It's a shame because Grimsley had some great concepts to work with.  In my experience novels that mix technology with magic usually fail at both, but Grimsley had a workable foundation he could have developed into something unique if he had focused on the SF concepts instead of minutiae.  
2.0	 Once in a while the characters stop admiring the drapes long enough to notice the GIANT FREAKIN' PORTAL BETWEEN TWO WORLDS--but enough about that.  
2.0	 Gee, what a lovely sofa..
2.0	The animal rights issue is a tricky one, because it touches on really deep questions about what it means to be conscious, to have rights, and to experience suffering.  So you might expect a philosopher to be able to sort through the ethical issues and suggest a way forward.  If so, you would be disappointed by this book.
2.0	 The first chapter lays out the philosophical foundation of the book.  Singer argues that there's really no basis for assigning equal rights to all humans, since different humans have different abilities.  Therefore equality must be based on the recognition of another person's interests.  Since animals have interests too, they deserve equal treatment.  That's it.  It's not terribly deep, and frankly not even rational, but Singer doesn't bother to elaborate.
2.0	 So if animals have interests, then they obviously have an interest in not suffering.  How do we know animals are capable of suffering?  According to Singer there are two signs:  they seek to avoid painful stimuli and they have nervous systems that bear a superficial similarity to those of humans.  He doesn't say how he came up with these criteria, but they seem awfully generous to me.  
2.0	 In fact, based on those criteria one would conclude that monkeys are capable of understanding spoken language and that humans are capable of echolocation.  Monkeys do in fact respond to certain vocalizations, and they have all the relevant physiological structures for understanding speech.  And humans actually can echolocate (with a lot of practice).  The point is that you would never seriously compare human echolocation to bat echolocation, and the ability of monkeys to process speech is negligible relative to that of humans.  Could this also be true of the capacity for pain and suffering?  I don't think anyone knows, and Singer doesn't shed any light on the subject.
2.0	 The next chapter is about animal testing, and a lot of the chapter deals with the use of animals in scientific experiments.  This is the weakest part of the book.  Singer finds some of the most gruesome experiments in science history, and juxtaposes them with out-of-context quotes from the researchers to make it look like the research was useless.  He mentions in passing that the vast majority of animal experiments don't involve pain, but by the end of the chapter he suggests that all medical experimentation should eventually be stopped.
2.0	 Part of his justification for ending medical experiments is the notion that such experiments don't actually contribute to medical or scientific progress.  This idea is unfortunately quite common among people who don't know anything about medicine or science.  However it's completely incorrect, and most of Singer's arguments regarding the scientific value of animal testing have been completely debunked.  For example, he continues to exploit the thalidomide tragedy, even though it was already known at the time the book was written that that incident was unrelated to animal testing.
2.0	 In addition to being totally confused about science, Singer seems uncomfortable with the scientific method itself.  He repeatedly suggests that animal testing should, in the short term, be limited to experiments that will lead to rapid advances in medical treatment.  This is like saying you should look for your lost car keys where you left them.  Science doesn't work this way.  At one point (p. 47), Singer complains about a series of experiments that were shown "first to prove a theory, then to disprove the theory, and finally to support modified versions of the original theory."  This probably sounds ridiculous to a philosopher, but it's actually a pretty good description of the scientific method.
2.0	 The next chapter deals with factory farming, and here Singer is on firmer ground.  As in the previous chapter, there's no philosophy, or even rational discourse.  It's just page after page of description, in this case of the conditions of animals on a large farm.  However, in contrast to the chapter on experimentation, the conditions he describes are standard practice for the majority of farm animals.  Here it would seem that there's plenty of room for improvement with comparatively minimal consequences for humans (although I imagine the situation has only gotten worse since the publication of the second edition of the book in 1990).
2.0	 The next chapter deals with vegetarianism, calling for a boycott of meat and dairy products.  Again the appeal is basically emotional, and if you were moved by the arguments of the preceding chapter, you will presumably find this chapter convincing.
2.0	 Curiously Singer doesn't call for a similar boycott of medicine or medical treatment, even though the argument would be identical.  Even if you belief that animal experimentation is useless for human medicine, you have to admit that the purchase of such medicine directly pays for more animal research.  Anyone who's receiving treatment for cardiac problems or diabetes, or who has ever had surgery, or who takes prescription drugs, is contributing to animal suffering.  Maybe Singer deals with this in another book, but given the chapter on vegetarianism it's a rather obvious omission.
2.0	 The next chapter is a strangely out of place history of human attitudes toward animals, going back several thousand years.  It might have made sense to put this at the beginning of the book, but perhaps his editor was afraid of losing readers.
2.0	 The last chapter talks about some popular animal rights movements and their accomplishments.  Singer doesn't draw any line between violent organizations like the Animal Liberation Front (which the FBI considers a terrorist organization) and organizations that actually help animals in a peaceful way (like the ASPCA).  He speaks positively of PETA, which in addition to other extremist activities, supports violence and arson.  I don't know why he would do this.
2.0	 Ultimately this is a bad book.  It trivializes a serious issue by  substituting emotional imagery for rational argumentation.  The fact is that humans can benefit greatly from actions that adversely affect animals.  In the realm of science, there is no serious doubt that the length and quality of human life have been improved through animal testing.  With other behaviors, such as meat-eating, the benefits are more subjective and the suffering is probably greater.  How we assign weight to these costs and benefits is a very difficult question that Singer doesn't even attempt to take seriously
5.0	In this particular edition of the Communist Manifesto, the reader is treated to an introduction by Leon Trotsky, one of the central leaders of the Russian Revolution as well as some correspondence from Marx and Engels.  But it is the Manifesto itself which bears repeated readings and discussion.
5.0	 How could such a short work have been the basis for revolutions around the world?  It is due I think to the fundamental points made: i.e. that workers of the world must unite---as they have more in common with each other than their own national rich and powerful.  In very brief but cogent explanations, Marx and Engels give a concise history of mankind and prove that all history in the "history of class struggles".  Be it feudal lords and serfs or autoworkers and General Motors, it is still the truth.  If you can't get this book from Amazon, try books by Pathfinder under the "new and used" button above
1.0	I am glad to see I am not the only one who thought this book was bad. I listened to it on audio cassette and kept waiting for a plot to come along. I can't even imagine the author finding it at all interesting.  I was expecting at least something of entertainment value having read a couple of her other books that were good
5.0	The Secret History is a record of the Mongolian Royal families, which is thought to have been written during the thirteenth century.  Paul Kahn has kept the original prose format in his translation, which I feel makes this the only version to own.  It begins with the creation myth of the wolf and deer from which the Mongolian people (in legend) are descended from; throught he birth of Temujin, and ending with the ascention to the throne of Ogedai Khan. I highly recommend this to those who are looking for primary sources to add to their Asian history collections
5.0	This is an honest, funny, and sweet memoir of pregnancy and the first year as a parent. Brockenbrough takes us along on her journey as she lives the ups and downs of life as a new parent. It's sometimes funny, sometimes endearing, but always entertaining. Brockenbrough is not as outrageous as Jenny McCarthy, which is a good thing, because her book will appeal to everyone. It could be you in this book, for all intents and purposes, and reading someone else's first experience with parenthood is sure to arm a new mom with insights and hope.
5.0	Tuch is very insightful in his observations about this syndrome.  Having been involved in this kind of relationship myself in the past, I can say that his description of how these relationships progress is VERY familiar.  This book will provide well-needed understanding by all involved parties.  This understanding is crucial in order to get unentangled from this kind of relationship...or transform the unhealthy agendas/perspectives that often permeate the relationship and give the relationship a chance to either end or work out
2.0	In 1990 Bill Bryson set out to "do Europe". He says that his motivation was to relive his experiences from tours in Europe in 1972 and 1973 when he was a young student wandering around Europe with a backpack.
2.0	 In reality it seems as if the primary reason for Bill Bryson to do this trip was so that he could then write a funny book about the trip.
2.0	 "Neither Here Nor There" is, in fact, a very funny book, at least in the beginning. Bill Bryson can describe situations in a very humorous way, and he's willing to make fun of himself, as well as everything around him.
2.0	 Unfortunately, after a while the humor wears thin. Then it wears very thin. Then you begin to dissect the humor, and realize that you've been had.
2.0	 Bill Bryson's method of traveling is to emulate the kind of tourism we all like to ridicule. He typically arrives by train in a new city in the evening. He has no hotel reservation so he has to spend time finding a hotel that is not really what he wanted. He sees "the sights" that one is supposed to see in that city. He makes no effort to get in touch with the local people, to learn about their lives, or to understand their country and society. He spends typically 2-3 days in each city and then goes to work on figuring out how to get to the next city or country on his list, which often leads to further complications.
2.0	 This is obviously not the way to travel if you're writing a travel book. Nobody in their right mind would want to read about this kind of traveling. 
2.0	 But Bill Bryson is not writing a travel book, he's writing a funny book, and he has a sure-fire recipe:
2.0	 1. Do things in problematic ways, and then make fun of all the trials and tribulations that result.
2.0	 2. Mix in lots of flashbacks to the trips of your youth, with much juvenile humor related to the drives that young men are so driven by.
2.0	 3. Feign incomprehension about everything foreign and satirize everything that is unfamiliar.
2.0	 4. Make funny remarks intended to reinforce national prejudices.
2.0	 This last type of humor can be especially tiring. Here are a few examples to illustrate what I mean:
2.0	 "Let's face it, the French Army couldn't beat a girls' hockey team." (pg 32)
2.0	 "The (German) women still don't shave their armpits. ... They all look so beautiful and stylish, and then they lift up their arms and there's a Brillo pad hanging there." (pg 91)
2.0	 "In Norway, three people and a bottle of beer is a party; in Sweden the national sport is suicide." (pg 97)
2.0	 "But the most preposterous law of all, a law so pointless as to scamper along the outer reaches of the surreal, is the Swedish one that requires motorists to drive with their headlights on during the daytime." (pg 110)
2.0	 "I love the way the Italians park. You turn any street corner in Rome and it looks as if you've just missed a parking competition for blind people." (pg 123)
2.0	 In conclusion, if you're someone who "did Europe" in your youth and you want to relive fond memories in a humorous way, then you may well like this book. Most other readers will probably start out laughing, then smiling, then wondering why the jokes seem to have lost their appeal, and finally ending up wishing they'd picked a real travel book or a real humorous book.
2.0	 Rennie Petersen
2.0	 PS. Just for the record, here is a list of the places covered: Norway (Hammerfest, Oslo), France (Paris), Belgium (Brussels, Bruges, Spa, Durbuy), Germany (Aachen, Cologne, Hamburg), Holland (Amsterdam), Denmark (Copenhagen), Sweden (Gothenburg, Stockholm), Italy (Rome, Naples, Sorrento, Capri, Florence, Milan, Como), Switzerland (Brig, Geneva, Bern), Liechtenstein, Austria (Innsbruck, Salzburg, Vienna), Yugoslavia (Split, Sarajevo, Belgrade), Bulgaria (Sofia), Turkey (Istanbul)
2.0	The story is quite clunky and contrived, and yet, I still can't help but feel some affection for it, as, despite my opinions of Mr. Roeder's talents, he clearly feels deeply for his characters, and their none-to-realistic world.
2.0	 The good things are here--while the characters are cardboard cut-outs, and the fact that the two couples are essentially dopplegangers, their plight is still quite a bit involving.
2.0	 My negatives, though, really spring from the way the plot unfolds--far too quickly and far too coincidental.  I know that the chamber of horrors at the "mental hospital" is not far removed from reality, but for a lot of the story, the amazing circumstances that abound in the novel are a bit too much to bear.  And I can't quite parse the way Mr. Roeder attempts to ground his characters in a realistic setting, and then throws on paranormal experiences.
2.0	 As escapist literature, I've read worse, but for something that seems to be striving towards realism, I just don't know
5.0	After attempts to research how to build an Earth Oven, this was the only good literature I found on the subject
1.0	I can't speak with authority about other deseg cases, but I AM knowledgeable about the St. Louis case, having spent four years on the St. Louis Board of Education (1989 - 1993.).
1.0	 Simply put, deseg has destroyed the St. Louis Public Schools (SLPSs), which were arguably, the best large public school system in the nation prior to deseg, when they were segregated and run by white Lutherans.
1.0	 Today, after 26 years of deseg, the SLPSs are probably no more than one year from losing their state accreditation and being taken over by the state of Missouri. Let's consider some facts rather than the disinformation of dilettantes and poseurs such as Kozol:
1.0	 COSTS
1.0	 Deseg has cost the State of Missouri about $8 Billion between the Kansas City and St. Louis cases. The bill in K.C. totaled about $3.5 Billion when it finally ended, while the St. Louis case has almost certainly passed the $4 Billion mark. (These statistics are scrupulously hidden by the leftist news media.) What have we realized from this expenditure?
1.0	 First of all, state money diverted to these two deseg cases was stolen from every school district in Missouri not participating in a deseg case. Small, rural school districts routinely spend between $4,000 and $5,500 per pupil each year. In St. Louis, the per-pupil expenditure has been as high as $11,711: Yet, those rural, so-called "out-state" districts do a far better job of educating and graduating students, despite having half the resources. (I'm sure in Kozol's mind they are merely "goyim," and deserve no better...)
1.0	 Ironically, while less affluent "out-state" districts were robbed of state funding by deseg, the wealthier school districts in St. Louis County experienced a massive WINDFALL from deseg: Since they are reimbursed by the state the AVERAGE per-pupil cost for each city transfer, (rather than their "marginal" cost,) wealthy districts such as Clayton, Ladue and Parkway benefited from a massive infusion of new revenues, although these school districts have traditionally out-spent almost every other Missouri district by a factor of three or more. (For example, Clayton currently spends about $15,000 per pupil per year.) 
1.0	 ACHIEVEMENT
1.0	 In the SLPSs, half the students test at the 20th percentile or lower on nationally standardized tests. This stat would be even worse, except that (I am told) the "LD" (or "learning disabled") kids do not take the standardized tests. There are legions of LD kids...
1.0	 In a rare moment of wisdom and sobriety, a federal judge sitting on our deseg case ordered a test of its efficacy in the early 1990s. That study, called the "Lissitz Study" revealed that city students (i.e., black students) bused to predominately white county school districts improved less academically than did every other category of student in the SLPS. That is, they improved less than students in all-black, the "naturally"-integrated, and "magnet" schools.
1.0	 When the Educational Testing Service still "normed" the SATs between 400 and 1600, the average SLPS student had a combined SAT of 760. Worse yet, these were the best and most motivated students, with further educational aspirations, who "self-selected" themselves to take the SATs and were therefore, a highly "skewed" sample relative to the average SLPS student.  
1.0	 Deseg is almost universally motivated by the laughable paradigm that, if we throw enough money at our inner-city schools, black kids will achieve at a level commensurate with white kids. Now that even William Coleman has repudiated his own research on this subject, ("The Coleman Report," cited in "Brown v. Board,") Kozol and deseg's other defenders could spend their time far more productively by studying the lessons of "The Bell Curve" in order to understand academic disparities between the races.
1.0	 VESTED INTERESTS
1.0	 It has been remarked that the defenders of deseg will never relent until the last white kid has been driven from the system. This is because the NAACP Legal Defense Fund is a "co-plaintiff" in most (if not ALL) U.S. deseg cases, and is periodically distributed "legal expenses" by the federal courts. These are a very important source of revenue to the NAACP, which has experienced declining membership and numerous financial scandals over the last several decades.
1.0	 Similarly, deseg has meant a great deal more than the mindless expenditure of billions to bus students around. One of the most injurious elements of the St. Louis deseg plan has been a massive affirmative-action program for administrators and teachers. The SLPSs now employ more functionally illiterate individuals than the N.B.A., and have become nothing less than an employment agency for lazy and incompetent blacks with political connections. 
1.0	 Essentially, the same black women who, 30 or 40 years ago were employed in middle-class households as "domestic" help, are now SLPS teachers and administrators. ("I is a teacher.") How anyone who never really absorbed a high school education could be presumed able to teach mystifies all but Kozol and deseg's other defenders. If teachers and administrators in the SLPSs were required to take the S.A.T.s, more than half would test significantly below average: We know this because they have already demonstrated the fact!
1.0	 Approximately half of all SLPS teachers and about 60% of its administrators attended Harris-Stowe State Teacher's College, which has the second lowest academic standards of any institution of "higher learning" in Missouri. Last time I called their admissions office, I was told that Harris-Stowe accepted applicants with a combined SAT of 780. It should come as no surprise that recent measures of SLPS student SATs do not differ significantly from those of many of their teachers.
1.0	 HYPOCRISY
1.0	 A truly fascinating phenomenon I have observed is that there seem to be few defenders of deseg among those whose kids actually participated in such a program. It doesn't take a parent long to understand that deseg isn't so wonderful when your kid gets rolled for his lunch money every day, or your daughter gets beaten up because she won't date outside her race. 
1.0	 Now Kozol may not have kids, but I'll just bet that if he does, they did not participate in any voluntary deseg programs, if any were available where he resides. (The Jews are mustard for this sort of thing, as long as they are merely allowed to posture and it doesn't actually cost them anything...)
1.0	 I once had the rare opportunity to sit next to Dr. Susan Uchitelle, the  Jewish woman who headed the St. Louis Deseg's "Voluntary Inter-district Coordinating Council" throughout the 1980s and 1990s. (She was paid $60,000 per year, but from what I could discern, her sole responsibility seemed to be running interference with the news media, so the rubes out there wouldn't get the wrong idea about the joys and benefits of deseg whenever there was a stabbing, gun-shot incident, murder, or race riot.)
1.0	 I considered it an "opportunity" because I was able to ask her a question that no one had ever had the impertinence to ask of her before: "Have any of your children participated in the voluntary transfer program?" (That is, were her kids, who would have been "poster children" for the county-to-city deseg program, allowed to transfer from their all-white county schools in order to be voluntarily bused to inner-city schools?) 
1.0	 What do you think was the answer, oh gentle reader? Your response to this question may have far-reaching implications for your understanding of the world around you and some varieties of its inhabitants, such as Jonathan Kozol... 
1.0	 (I'll give you a hint: Susan Uchitelle's attitude toward deseg is very much like Leona Helmsley's attitude toward taxes...)
2.0	I did not like this book. The organization was abysmal, and I decided to sell it back to the college bookstore for use by future hapless students, because it is not good as a reference guide.
2.0	 I did not like how the author seemed to gear the book to an audience that is terrified of their computers or anything dealing with *gasp* math
2.0	This was given to me by a religious friend who thought I might be able to find some value in Christianity in Borg's "new paradigm."  What Borg's book amounts to is that Borg admits that Christianity is not historically or factually true, but he thinks the "truthiness" of Christianity (to borrow Stephen Colbert's term) is good enough.  By treating Christianity and concepts like being "born again" as metaphors, he tries to escape the problem of having to defend the actual truth of Christianity.  As a Christian apologist, he gives away the store, but then claims it's worthwhile to come into the empty store because it will give you a warm feeling.
2.0	 For Christians who don't really believe in Christianity, but want to rationalize why they attend church, this might be what they need to hear.  But I don't think many people who don't see the point of Christianity to begin with will be convinced.
2.0	 For me, you should either be rational in deciding what you believe or admit that you're being irrational in your religious beliefs and are just going by your gut anyway.  This kind of half-way house between the two just doesn't do anything for me
5.0	existence and perception in a phenomelogical sense; that is, physical health, emotional well-being, and spiritual contentedness are ways of describing aspects of one single, non-local reality. He advocates an approach to Western allopathic medicine which seriously examines the  conditions of one's emotional and spiritual health. Why? Again, the state  of one aspect of a person's reality influences, or perpaps even determines,  the state(s) of the others. Dr. Dossey, in essence, is presenting an  introduction to developing a healthy and homeostatic relationship within  the world of an individual as well as the world in a very universal sense.  A highly recommended read
5.0	I knew the cultures were different, just never knew they were this different.  I am anxious to read another book.  Not because I love it, but because I am amazed at who can survive it
1.0	This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are living in the end times, and when Jesus comes, that's all she wrote, folks. There's no seven years, no Christians being zapped up, etc. This is our Second Chance on Earth. No tribulation. This book takes figurative visions and tries to apply it literally, and does it poorly. Reading this book made me think that if this was true, then what's the point of trying to be a Christian. Why not just live your life the way you want to, and then when people zap out of thin air, change your life. It's ridiculous and sends the wrong message. Plus, the writing is for second graders with no redeeming characteristics to it. But I really don't think the author's care at this point (seeing how many millions they've made printing lies). My recommendation is to read the bible instead of this series; then you'll get truth and the bible is probably shorter (and much better writing). Man, not even Kirk Cameron could save this train wreck
4.0	The "Thief Lord" is a wonderful contemporary story full of loss, beauty, adventure and a little bit of magic.  Cornelia Funke's book has one several literary prizes and even bumped Harry Potter off the best sellers list in Germany and Northern Europe for a time.  It never talks down to kids and is engaging to adults as well.  The imagery of Venice is dead-on (just like I remembered) and the characters(Prosepero, Scipio) are richly portrayed.  This is a story that is light on the fantastic but heavy on imagery and imagination just like the classics!
4.0	 The main protaganists are boys but boys and girls can enjoy this book equally as there are a few standout female characters also.  Geared to young readers 8-12 and also adults
5.0	I cannot rave enough about this book; certainly I have not been moved like this by a literary work in some time.  Gorgeous from start to finish- sometimes whimsical, sometimes heartbreaking, always intelligent, fresh, and full of magic.  Clarke's writing is impeccable and a pure joy to read. One always has the sense that she's subtly mocking her characters even as she allows us to love (or hate!) them.  The story is breathtaking and moves along with exquisite pacing.  Allow yourself to be lost in her world!    
2.0	When I picked this book up, I expected it to be interesting.  As a fat kid, I thought I would enjoy the story, thinking that I would feel connected to the main character.
2.0	 Boy, was I wrong.
2.0	 In the beginning of the book, Troy, feeling suicidal, wants to throw himself on the tracks, but Curt, a skinny druggie, stops him.  By the middle of the book, I wish Curt had just held back and let Troy jump.  The book was very slow for me; each new chapter sounded like the last.  I read this short book over two weeks because I just couldn't take it.
2.0	 The end was unsurprisingly predictable.  I mean, I could've told you what was going to happen by the fifth chapter.
2.0	 Usually, when I read a book, I take something from it, maybe a lesson or a moral.  In this book, I just felt a sense of nonclosure... the ending didn't really do it for me.
2.0	 Based on the other reviews on this page, you probably think that I'm just a mean person who writes scathing reviews on great books.  The first part may be true, but I only write scathing reviews on things I did not particularly like.  You may not have liked Macbeth, but I sure did.  Whether it's a good book or not is all a matter of opinion
4.0	Unlike the first Repairman Jack adventure, THE TOMB, which was horror/science fiction, this one is a straight mystery. Wilson does try his best to shamelessly tug at your heartstrings, tossing in some abandoned babies with AIDS, and also some child pornography. Add a modern-day Japanese samuri, some American mercenaries, some Arab villains, and you've got is a fast-paced novel that could be made into a pretty good movie
1.0	This book pulls together a lot of information, but in my opinion it is written and organized very very poorly. I have over 10 yrs of experience in in the healthcare industry and came across this book during a grad level course in CEA.
1.0	 Long, boring, convoluted sentences fill the pages of this book. It took about 3 times more time and effort to get through a page in this book compared to a page in respected journals like JAMA, NEJM, BMJ etc.
1.0	 If you have lots of time and are doing research in this field - go for it. Alternatively if you want to quickly determine what CEA is about, I would recommend reading Peter Muennig and Kamran Khan "Designing and Conducting Cost-Effectiveness Analyses in Medicine and Health Care"
4.0	I hightly recommend this book. An easy, quick read that could change your life
5.0	This is an incredible piece of work!  It is one of the top 5 BEST and most impacting books that I've ever read (and I've read a lot).  There are so many thoughts and principles that have stuck with me.  This isn't a book you read where you come away wondering what you learned because you can't articulate what you read and/or learned.  With this book, there are amazing teachings. It is much better than so many other books on business, leadership, and life balance.  As an family man, MBA and non-profit student director, his book and my application of its principles have truly left a great impact on my life and in turn the lives of others
5.0	This book will tell you what flavors go well with each other, what starch and veggies will match well with a protein, and there are a few recipes.  This book is great for developing your own recipes
5.0	`The Encyclopedia of Food and Wine in America' is a great 1500 page compilation of excellently written articles on virtually every aspect of the history, education, manufacture, marketing, personalities, and writing about food in America. Practically the only thing it does not include is recipes or cooking. Even sidebars whose label suggests a proper place for a recipe such as the sidebar on shoofly pie gives not one hint about how to make this delicious dessert. Given the size of the subject, it is not at all surprising that the editors have left these out, as both recipes and kitchen science can both be considered without nationality, plus the fact that there are thousands of good cookbooks and a score of books on food science available today, so why not focus on things which are not commonly covered in these books. This means that this volume can sit beside the `Larousse Gastronomique' with only a very small amount of overlap in material. These two giant books have two entirely different objectives. While both works will have articles on potatoes, Larousse will tell you how to cook them, but Oxford will tell us were they are grown, their commercial importance, nutritional importance, and their appearance in cartoons.
5.0	 So, unlike Larousse, you are much more inclined to simply read the articles in these volumes for your own entertainment as much as for your need to know something. The articles are filled to the brim with interesting trivia about American food. One favorite item in the article about Spam is the fact that the word `Spam' became associated with junk e-mail on the strength of a Monty Python skit which did the same kind of number on Spam as the movie `Blazing Saddles' did on western films. Another discovery was the renaming of sauerkraut to `Liberty Cabbage' after World War I. In this way, the book follows the style of the Encyclopedia Britannica that leans heavily toward long, detailed articles rather than shorter articles with a greater chance of redundancy, especially with a hundred or more independent contributors.
5.0	 It would probably take the average foodie about five minutes of searching through these volumes to find something they miss. My first sense of something being missing was when there were articles about Charlie Trotter, Alice Waters, and Rick Bayless, but no articles on Thomas Keller, Jeremiah Tower, or Richard Olney. I would not feel the absence so acutely if the editors had given us biographies on Julia Child, James Beard, Craig Claiborne, and M.F.K. Fisher and stopped there, as all four of these figures are so obviously at the very top of the heap in their influence on American eating and food writing. On the other hand, Tower and Olney between them are probably as much an influence on culinary professionals in the United States as Alice Waters. While Olney spent much of his life living in France, he was born in Iowa and all of his most influential works, most notably his editorship of the Time-Life culinary series of books in the 1960s was aimed at American audiences. This series is mentioned twice in the long article on cookbooks with no mention of Olney as the editor, a position recommended to the publishers by James Beard. Regarding Keller and Trotter, for example, both have received the James Beard best chef in the country award and of the books attributed to these two chefs, I much prefer the two from Keller than the three from Trotter which I have reviewed. I suspect the difference in the eyes of the editors is Trotter's earlier ascendancy, his substantial charitable activities, and his better than average culinary instruction TV shows.
5.0	 These quibbles aside, I am genuinely impressed by the overall quality of the writing in the thousands of articles in this work. The biographical articles all begin with a crisp statement of the importance of the subject to American culinary history. In spite of the very large number of writers, all articles seem to share this same matter of factness, with virtually no sentimentality or sensationalism. One joggling act that must have challanged the editors is how to limit the book to `American' subjects. And, they seem to have accomplished this with great good judgment. In place of any mention of French or Italian or Japanese or Korean or East Indian or Chinese subjects, the editors have given us articles on `Italian-American' food and `German-American' food. I know the German-American culinary world better than any other and I give the author of this article high marks for capturing the big picture and not limiting himself to the very easy subject of the `Pennsylvania Dutch' cuisine. Although the Amish and Mennonite communities of Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York, and the Carolinas are at the heart of the German / American food tradition, the greater German influence is much broader, overlapping, for example, the Jewish-American culinary world and even the influences from France and Italy.
5.0	 By far the best use for this work is as a starting point for serious culinary research or simply noodling around the literature of cookery for fun. In addition to the articles with their excellent bibliographies, there are appendices on general food bibliography, general wine bibliography, list of food periodicals and web sites, major food subject reference libraries, major food museums, food organizations, and food festivals.
5.0	 Be warned that in spite of the title, wine gets much less than half the volume of ink spilled in these volumes. I also detected a few minor editing mistakes and omissions. The web site for the cable `Food Network' is listed as www.foodtv.com, but this was changed close to two years ago to www.foodnetwork.com. This little mistake is less easy to understand since the article on Julia Child notes her death which occurred about 6 months ago. Still, this book is a great source of entertainment and information for foodies and foodie scholars.
5.0	 Expensive, but of high quality as a reference and entertainment.
4.0	This is the third Bill Bryson travelogue I have read.  This has several laugh-out-loud sections, particularly if you have travelled in the United Kingdom.  It is excellent for relaxing on weekends or on a plane.  If you have never been to the UK and don't know any British people, then don't form all your opinions based on this one book, but Bryson does a good job distilling some of the differences between our nations into an amusing few hundred pages. 
4.0	Many buyers of this book are undoubtedly practitioners of "hard" arts seeking guidance on application of the more dubious moves of their disciplines in street confrontations. If readers expect to be instructed in realistic applications of Karate or Taekwondo blocks and stances, they may feel misled by the title since such subjects are barely touched upon.
4.0	 MacYoung's purpose here is a different one. "Hard" arts generally teach practitioners to exchange blows at a certain distance. Grappling arts show how to fight an opponent from a clinch or on the ground. Authors like Geoff Thompson emphasize sizing up a potential attacker and resolving with pre-emptive strikes. What none of these address is how to handle the wild onrush of an attacker who has already initiated his assault and who is not going to stand back and trade blows.
4.0	 This book aims to make "hard" martial arts street effective not by re-explaining their existing techniques but by filling in certain gaps, principally by applying "soft" blocking and takedown concepts from Wing Chun and Silat. Karate/Taekwondo practitioners may find this difficult to reconcile with their own styles - unless they subscribe to the opinion (not addressed in this book) that the "hard" arts once had a considerable "soft" content, and that movements like those now labelled "blocks" were originally something else altogether - but is a valuable and effective complement nevertheless. The book also includes good advice on the nature of violence and how to avoid it, and emphasizes "winning while escaping".
4.0	 Stylistically, MacYoung's easygoing tone and humour may or may not please, but behind it is a well written book which succeeds in communicating concept and technique in words. Some sections can at first seem repetitive or difficult to follow (not helped by the lack of clear labelling of photos - my one major gripe), but this is due to the complexity of the concepts examined. This book requires more than one reading to get the most out of it, and will certainly reward those willing to do so.
5.0	This book created a revolution in city-planning when it was published in the early sixties. Jacobs loved the city that she saw from her Hudson and eleventh street apartment New York City apartment. This was not the city that the master planners Burnham, Mumford etc idolized. Her city was small stores, and businesses, and the greatest possible diversity of buildings and architectural styles. People doing all kinds of different things. Life on the move. Density and diversity. Short blocks and lots of people out walking on different destinations. 
1.0	When purchasing audiobooks, I normally follow a simple but very effective rule: never, never, never buy an audiobook read by the author. Even if the author is a talented writer, he/she is invariably a terrible narrator. Always look for audiobooks performed by experienced readers, as in Bryson's own "Notes From a Small Island" and "A Walk in the Woods", read by Ron Mclarty.
1.0	 In Bryson's case I made a rare exception when I listened to "In a Sunburned Country" - the audio version had received reasonable reviews and his performance was indeed adequately entertaining. For this reason I assumed that "Neither Here Nor There" would be equally enjoyable. I was wrong. Bryson's deadpan monologue makes it sound as though he was bored out of his mind while reading this book. Passages that may have seemed amusing in the written version are herein delivered in a sleep-inducing monotone. The sardonically comedic talent he displayed in his reading of "In a Sunburned Country" is totally lacking. I would recommend this audiobook only as a cure for insomnia
1.0	One parenting acting like a jerk is bad enough. Advising the other parent to act like a jerk is not going to help the children. 
1.0	 Be as kind to yourself, your children and your X as you can. Don't behave like a jerk or make things harder for any reason.
1.0	 Not recommended
1.0	Who would read all these reviews, and then actually buy this book? This book is an unfair attempt at pandering to the doddling whims of a major portion of our population...the suckers...of which I am obviously one, because I did read the stupid book! It took me almost a year to get through it - one half paragraph at a time before I would fall asleep each night. If it wasn't for Jordan, I'd have a hard time going to sleep at all. It doesn't even deserve 1 star
5.0	This is a great journey into Narnia. I enjoyed every book and every chapter.  I know everyone I talked to has read this book as a child, I think they need to re-read as an adult and really dig deeper into each chapter.
1.0	We are traveling the US for almost a year and have purchased the East as well as the West edition before we started. Besides the fact, that we found only a few nice spots described in those books so far, our comments are as follows:
1.0	 1. The contents of both editions are outdated - certain camgrounds do
1.0	    simply not exist any more for years!!
1.0	 2. The directions are awful if not wrong
1.0	 3. We spent more diesel on finding the described campgrounds than we saved 
1.0	    not to mention the hazzle, driving around in circles
1.0	 4. Lots of directions seem to be copied from other books we have and are
1.0	    as wrong as they are in those
1.0	 5. Campgrounds indicated in the maps by numbers (icons) are not part of
1.0	    the book anymore
1.0	 6. The icons in the maps are close to impossible to read (use a
1.0	    magnifier)
1.0	 Overall we can absolutely NOT recommend those books to anybody
2.0	I have never read one of Johansen's books and after reading this one, I'm not likely to read another.  I usually enjoy reading pretty much any type of mystery and am not a literary critic by any means, but I just couldn't get into the story here because of the flowery and cliche-filled writing.  Exclamations such as "dear heaven" and "lord" were repeated over and over again by all characters throughout the book, which doesn't seem to fit with the rest of their conversational tone (it would suit my southern grandma, however).  As another reviewer said, the big mystery of why Daisy wouldn't leave Geneva wasn't particularly mysterious - if she really wanted Jason to leave she could have just told him.  Character development was lacking and I just didn't care that much about them.  I would have liked to hear more about Cynthia and her antics.  I did finish the book because I was curious to know what happened, but I couldn't wait for it to be over.  Sorry, but this was not my cup of tea
1.0	Of all of James Patterson books he has written and I have read, this is the most disappointing one of all.  Had I known beforehand what this one was about, I would not have bought or read it.  Sorry, J.P. is too good a writer to put out this kind of trash.  Just my opinion!!!!
4.0	I love this story, I was loving it from page one up until the last comic. I mean here we have a great subtly running plot in Thorpe, Silver, and the deceased Doctor, but then suddenly in the last issue we see none of the three stories resolved. Yes, we are implied strongly that the doctor does away with thorpe, but that isnt good enough, what of Thorpe's Empire, how does Batman find out, and do we ever see the ghost again, maybe we don't, maybe we're better for it. But as for Silver, at least I was sad to see her walk away as yet another Superhero-girlfriend-itis casualty and not have anything more happen along the lines of her life in general, or Batman's general dealing with it. Anyways, at least these were just issues and not an intended mini-series, so all of these qualms are pretty much null and void. As a whole, ITS AN AWESOME STORY
2.0	Though I'm coming to a review of The Search a year too late, I can explain why. I bought the book on its release, very excited to read some good journalism about the hottest business topic of the day. I was sure that Battelle, who had been chronically his progress on the book on his own blog, would deliver. Halfway through the book (in a matter of three days - a possible sign pointing to its lack of depth) I'm realizing that this is not the case. 
2.0	 Thus far, I have two major gripes with the book. The first is the writing itself.  The book is written in informal magazine style, in keeping with his roots as a "cutting edge" technology writer (having worked for Wired and Business 2.0, magazines that try desperately to be "too cool for the room"). 
2.0	 This would be fine enough, except that Battelle has a habit of jumping around from year to year, talking about decisions made by players in Google's history before he actually introduces them. He never fully explains why it was important for Sergey Brin and Larry Page - Google's founders - to resign their chairman and CEO posts, nor does he tell the reader what their new titles are. Battelle also has a habit of reintroducing people several times, a practice which at times seems a cheap way to up his page count. His writing style thoroughly muddles however much thoughtfulness there was to his project. I considered keeping a tally of how many times he used "well" as an interjection, but lost interested after I ran out of fingers. 
2.0	 On page 150 he discusses a lack of managerial prowess on the part of Brin, Page and new CEO Eric Schmidt. According to Battelle, one of Google's investors, John Doerr, insisted that Intuit founder Bill Campbell come on as a leadership coach. Battelle uses an anecdote from journalist John Heilemann's GQ article on Google, which quotes Doerr as saying, "I don't know where the company would be without him." However, Battelle doesn't include any of his own reporting on what Campbell actually did. Neglecting to explain right away what this `miraculous' shift was is, in my own journalistic view, irresponsible. Not to mention that he doesn't include the actual title of Heilemann's article in either the main book or the citations. 
2.0	 Later in the book on page 172, he tries to play the role of not only a technology writer, and search historian, but also media theorist and critic, waxing about how Google ought to be considered a media company - not just a technology company.
2.0	 In the book's final chapter, Battelle introduces the idea of having several different kinds of information contribute to "perfect search," including every tech writer and journalist's favorite idea, the blog. He bulldozes through a description of the blog and later posits that we have reached the critical mass point, "but we don't know it yet." I suspect that Battelle means that he's savvier than users and other writers and he knows something we don't, but he doesn't explain why he thinks we've reached the tipping point, nor what that means in the overall discussion of what the blog can do. 
2.0	 Though Battelle tries to play his book as a "history of search," it is nowhere near as comprehensive as such a book must be. It is a book that sings the praises of Google, nothing more. However, that the book is a history of Google is fine. The company certainly is interesting and large enough to warrant an historical account and Battelle ought to be forthcoming with his intent. The short discussions he does include of the company's search engine precursors such as Lycos and Alta-Vista need considerable expansion and deserve to be considered as more than also-rans, if he really wants to be considered the historian of search and not just Google's unofficial corporate historian.
2.0	If there were a dictionary of queer literature Radclyffe Hall would certainly have a place, somewhere between "Hall, Maurice" and "Hallward, Basil". She deserves this for having written a taboo-breaking novel. She does not deserve this for writing a particularly good one.
2.0	 When I started reading this book I thought I was going to like it a lot more than I did in the end; I thought Stephen as a child was an adorable little gentleman and I liked the relationship between her parents and how it influenced her life. When I reached her first girlfriend, however, a married woman named Angela Crossby, I was at the edge of the abyss without knowing it.
2.0	 I realize this book is a product of its time, but never in my life have I heard so many cliches and stereotypes about lesbians - sorry, inverts - from a woman who was a lesbian herself. Inverts have terrible nerves. Inverts wrongly cling to religion. A "real" female invert is masculine and a "real" male invert is feminine, whereas their "normal" lovers are truly heterosexual.
2.0	 More drama and angst are crammed into the last few chapters of the book than I would have thought possible, and the ending - which I will not reveal - comes out of nowhere and contradicts the personalities of Stephen and her lover Mary as they have been previously established. Anyone with an interest in queer literature should read this to satisfy their curiousity, and to deepen their appreciation for better-written and more realistic fiction. Someone who wants a good novel with an intense romance should not
2.0	Maybe I'm just not the right demographic for this novel, but I hated the beginning, tolerated the middle and put it down permanently near the end. The model is the Canterbury Tales of Chaucer, but I don't think it works. I just never got interested in the characters enough to care what happened to them and for me, the story--stories, really--never came into focus. I guess the New York Times Book Review should have tipped me off because they compare it to Frank Herbert's Dune and the Foundation series of Asimov, both of which, in my opinion have aged really badly. I never realized how bad Dune was until I saw the awful movie of it.
2.0	 The fundamental metaphors operating in Hyperion seem to be backwards living. Well, ok, but I just don't see what it is a metaphor for. Nor, by page 473 where I finally gave up, did I care
5.0	Perhaps the best feature of this book is that it aims to convey the theory of Lie algebras and Lie groups to physicists. In doing so, the author is careful to give a very simplistic approach so that one not familiar with  the subject can understand it. Not to say that the book is elementary,  since it builds rapidly into the far more interesting aspects of Lie  Groups. A very good read
1.0	If there is one thing that rings true of the editor's review, it's that Robert Spencer is "lawyerly" - but not in the sense the editor meant, rather in the sense that he deliberately twists the facts in order to argue his case despite the facts.  This book is full of misquotations of the sayings of Muhammad (ahadith), and they are obviously deliberate as Mr. Spencer has taken the time to research the ahadith and yet still makes enormous errors in his rendering of them.  He spends a considerable amount of time quoting from the Bible and comparing his interpretation of the Christian doctrine (which I would guess a great many Christains will have issue with, as well) with what he claims to be the message of Islam.  He also spends a great deal of time attempting to assassinate the personality of Muhammad with the argument that Muhammad is the role model for all Muslims - hence by assasinating this personality he hopes to assasinate the character of Islam and all Muslims.  Despite his opening claim that he is not targeting all Muslims, the goal of his book, really, is to draw suspicion upon every Muslim in America from their non-Muslim neighbors.  His basic premise that Islam in essence is a falsehood and that all Muslims have deceived themselves with a backward and dated belief system that has failed to evolve, as he puts it, as Christianity has evolved from its backwardness by reducing the Bible to strictly metaphorical meanings.  The crux of his arguement is that Christianity is able to do this, because, as Christian scholars have shown, the Bible is in fact not the direct word of God,  but the Quran, on the other hand, is taken by Muslims as the direct, revealled word of God and hence there is little or no room for the religion to be re-interpreted.  If one reads (or listens, in the case of the audio book) carefully, though, it will not be hard to find the many instances in which Mr. Spencer contradcits himself.  All in all, it does read like a lawyer making his case in court, where it is Islam itself that is on trial.  Mr. Spencer seems to be trying to establish that the likes of Osama bin Laden are in fact   only following the letter of their religion, and hence Islam is a danger to be feared and reacted to preemtively.  Mr. Spencer seems to have strong political and religious motivations and is a far cry from his claim of being unbiased
2.0	I have read all the books n the series and have come to expect an enjoyable light read with a little mystery. I thought the menace in this book overwhelmed the 'light' plots. There are serious themes here - murder, death, kidnapping, and others. Too bad the authors didn't focus more on the light plotlines that reader's look for in these books - Maggie's romance (this came across as ridiculous considering the fact that Maggie and her daughter were being stalked by a convicted murderer) and the Jamie / Max story  (which unfortunately is treated as a throwaway storyline). I also disliked the way the authors abruptly got rid of Destiny - love her character or hate it - she has been in enough books that longtime readers care about her.
1.0	All I can say is pass me some aspirin. This is a dozy of a bad novel. As it says on the dust jacket, a Supreme Court law clerk grabs a petition and ends up becoming deceased. Its up to the brother to uncover the truth by finding the real killer who had let a poor black man rot away for a crime he did not commit. At the same time the brother contends with mysterious bad guys out to get him and stop the unearthing of the evidence. Not only does he deal with his family, but his brothers friend, a sexy young law clerk herself and the duplicity on the bench she works for.
1.0	 And that's only the start of the plot. 
1.0	 Its really pretty bad, it descends into mired pretensions and goofy resolutions. The characters are so shallow that you are left with little notion of who they are except for a faint nasty after taste over their conceded ways. Baldacci is along with James Patterson and Dean Koontz one of America's worst authors. If you want an author who writes on a similar vein to this, try one of Harlan Coben's last four or so stand alone thrillers with out the character Myron Bolitar in it. Or for a more sophisticated read, look for Denis Lehane, he wrote the amazing Mystic River, but his PI series located in Boston is pretty good as well.
2.0	I've heard Al Lee speak before and thought that what he had to say was sensible.  However, although I basically agree with his approach, I just cannot recommend his book.  I found it to be too simplistic and to contain too much filler.  There are many much better real estate investment books out there.
2.0	 Some specific complaints:
2.0	 * The margins are ridiculously wide; this book is much smaller than it seems.
2.0	 * Some of the appendixes (especially appendix A) contained too much filler.
2.0	 * much of the book is a painfully detailed description of fields in a spreadsheet.  This sort of documentation should be directly in the spreadsheet (where it will be in sync with the latest version of the spreadsheet, etc... rather than in a book.)
2.0	 * When I heard Al speak in person he emphasized new homes and owning property in remote locations if needed (eg, owning property in Dallas even if one does not live there).  The book did not really touch on either of these topics.
2.0	 That said, I did find a couple parts of this books to be useful or interesting.  These are:
2.0	 * The chapter on Financial Statements was useful; In particular the ways that items for a rental property (like rents due, funds in lender held escrow accounts, property taxes due, etc...) show up on the statements was interesting.
2.0	 * The tip that you can begin advertising a property for rent before you have closed on it.
2.0	 * The tip that you can try to time your lease expiration dates to  be during times when school is out.
2.0	 * The recommendation that you work with a property manager who is willing to / capable of helping you find properties to purchase
1.0	ugh.  as a confessed bibliophile, i honestly try to give every single book its due.  but this one was impossible...poetic, but impossible.  barrett attempts to weave these stories about antiquated botanists into one connective tissue but it is too far a stretch.  unless you eat, breath and sleep xylem and phloem, don't waste time trying to pad through this book
1.0	There are two ways I can describe this book: as an assigned essay on &amp;quot;How I Spent My Vacation,&amp;quot; in which it might receive a passing grade in High School; or as a visit by your brother-in-law, the one you never really liked but tolerated for your sister's sake, who shares his superficial ideas as if they were deep insights.  I suppose there are people who will voluntarily submit to either, but I'm not one of them.  The author (he can only be called a writer in the most literal sense) has no insight to speak of, is manifestly incompetent at background research, and lacks any useful power of description.  He really should look up the meanings of words like &amp;quot;masquerade&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;circumvent&amp;quot; before he uses them. . . The real mystery is how something like this ever gets published
5.0	The book is simply superb!! The use of those magnificent photos to enhance the story was the crowning glory to a story that I not only believe, but experience in my own spirit. It is time for the glorious feminine to rise again and, hopefully, repair the damage done to humanity by the mutated females - men. Lois C. Web
2.0	As a fan of Frederick Buechner, I found this volume in our church library and secured it anticipating a summer weekend of ecstasy, reading this book on the back porch while sipping lemonade.  I found it disappointing, as he focuses on his  collection of Buechner  family memoribilia.  As hard as he tries to universalize it, making it accessible to all of us, for me, it just didn't work.  And it reads like  a review of one's summer family reunion.  Sorry.  Read his other stuff.  It's great!
2.0	If it wasn't for the fact that I listened to the audio book version during my daily commute to work, I probably would have abandoned this book halfway through. 
2.0	 The end is confusing, and I'm left wanting more, not in a good way
1.0	=== quote 
1.0	 Pay no attention to the negative criticisms by those who are obviously Moonies. This is should be required reading. Nansook Hong had the courage to endure and to finally escape the clutches of this dangerous cult led by the Korean flake who thinks he's God.
1.0	 === end 
1.0	 Funny, so people should not listen to the story of those who are still within the UM, why is this? 
1.0	 Also Rev. Moon himself doesn't claim to be God, this is always said by others, Rev.Moon stresses the point without God he would be nothing...
1.0	Don't waste your money on this one!  A vast majority of the websites are no longer valid.  The author really needs to issue a revised edition.  It is rather unfortunate too because it it put together so well and in a easy to use format...it just needs a refresher edition
5.0	I like John's style in writing this book. When I started studying manifolds, I had little understanding of some of the deep concepts of topology. This book was an excellent introduction. 
5.0	 What is so cool about this book are the exercises, and they are all connected with each other. It makes a sumptuous meal. 
5.0	 The other book on smooth manifolds is definitely on its way to being a classic among beginners
5.0	These days, you don't see many people with the interest or guts to do what Jon Stewart and his co-workers do. In America, the book, they aim to teach misinformed Americans what their government is really about. Many people don't actually know what the heck goes on in the government, nor do they care.
5.0	 The book, filled with hilarious tidbits, great explanations, and well thought out presentations, aims to make the government interesting. It's got history, how the government works, modern day conflicts, theories, ideas, people, and what our Founders did for this great nation. It should be a book in every classroom and required reading for every citizen.
5.0	 Jon Stewart and the authors of this book went out on a limb for this. They went against the grain and did what they knew was right. It's our duty as Americans to criticize the government. When there's something wrong and you have the ability to fix it, you have the responsibility to fix it.
5.0	 Hopefully this has changed America
1.0	I realize that by writing this review I'll probably have a fatwa issued against me by the comic book fan community, but this graphic novel was a major disappointment.  I came to it because I liked the movie so much.  I found it to be misogynistic and tedious to read (entire paragraphs of text repeated, as if the writer couldn't think of enough to fill out his story).  The artwork was ugly.  The plot lines were sometimes hard to swallow, characters' motivations not believable.  It was the spark of a great idea that the movie producer(s) turned into something excellent
5.0	After a personal large university experience back in the 60's, I knew that that was not what I wanted for my children.  We found Mr. Pope's book and the lights came on.  Not only did we use the book, but with some diligent work were able to arrange personal counseling sessions with Mr. Pope for both my son and daughter.
5.0	 We live in Central Texas and my son just graduated from Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington and my daughter is now a senior at Kalamazoo College in Michigan.  They both looked at quite a few schools, both recommended in the book and not:  Grinnell, Reed, Colorado College, Beloit, Lawrence, Colgate, College of Wooster, Williams &amp; Bowdoin.
5.0	 My son loved Whitman.  It is a beautiful school in a beautiful part of America. It is not easy.  He was challenged.  There is a great respect between the college and the town of 30,000. (To parents: Walla Walla is a great place to visit.  There are 50+ wonderful wine tasting rooms in the immediate area.)
5.0	 My daugher also is happy with her choice at Kzoo.  The winters are cold for a Texas girl, but the personal attention that so many of the professors have given to her and her friends is amazing.  The K Study Abroad Program which is 65 years old and rated among the best in the nation for all colleges was fabulous for her.  She spent six months in Ecuador and loved it.  Our nephew, also from Texas, will be leaving for six months in Thailand in another good program.
5.0	 Loren was right.  These schools do provide personal attention and are there to make sure their students succeed
2.0	This book speculates about both the advance of computer technology in the 21st century and the socio-political response to it.  Although it is peppered with a few interesting notions worth skimming, much of the speculation is unreasonable and philosophically naive.
2.0	 In the first chapter, Kurzweil attempts to lay a sort of theoretical framework for his speculations, which boils down to his belief that Moore's Law is just one instance of a cosmic principle of exponential advance which explains everything from the first second of the universe after the Big Bang to the evolution of life on Earth and now the evolution of technology.  The second chapter argues that it is possible for an intelligence to create something more intelligent than itself:  just as evolution "intelligently" created us, we will (soon!) create computers which will build machines of far greater cognitive ability than us.  It is indeed intriguing to consider that someday machines will outperform humans in many ways, but the book to this point is best skimmed, because there's actually very little substance and a lot of dry, pseudo-intellectual filler.
2.0	 Chapter 3 examines the philosophical problem that is going to be brought to the forefront by super-advanced computers:  what is consciousness, and can machines possess it?  Kurzweil unimpressively touches on a handful of schools of thought here (his sentences on Descartes made me wonder if he has read anything on the subject besides pop philosophy), though he does not try to decide between them.  Instead, his prediction is social:  eventually machines will be accepted as real people -- just as real people will physically merge with technology -- even if that sounds bizarre to us now.  This theme comes up again and again, and it proves to be one of the only thought-provoking issues of the book.
2.0	 Chapters 4 and 5 talk about the field of artificial intelligence, where it has been, and where it needs to go.  In a section entitled "The Formula for Intelligence", Kurzweil provides his recipe for the strong AI of the future:  recursion, neural nets, and genetic algorithms -- all taking hints from the reverse engineering of the human brain.  This wishful thinking is one of the Achilles' heels of this book.  For a software entrepreneuer, Kurzweil is strangely blind to the evidence:  software is hardly becoming more complex or "intelligent" at all, let alone exponentially.  Today's software systems are perhaps bigger but not significantly "smarter" than systems of past decades, and software quality continues to barely meet the lowest of expectations.  Despite Moore's Law and the faith that it will continue to provide more and more cycles in the hardware world, progress in the world of software seems, to this software engineer of 15 years, to be nearly a flat line, not an exponential curve.  Just compare how many hundreds of man-years have gone into the lastest version of Windows, versus what it would take to design and implement Kurzweil's ideal of software that is able to write more powerful software.
2.0	 Part of the problem may be that Kurzweil simply ignores the fields of cognitive psychology and epistemology, which are in their infancy.  He does not seem to even be aware of the issues in these fields which would have to be solved (probably by geniuses) in order to create "strong AI."  Instead, the solutions he predicts are purely materialistic:  brain deciphering, massively parallel hardware, and genetic algorithms.
2.0	 Part 2 of the book focuses on potential technologies.  The most powerful computers he speculates about are quantum computers, and he doesn't waste any time before asserting that someday we will be able to download the entirety of a brain into a quantum computer, so that the computer will in effect have a clone of that person's mind.  Kurzweil, in his materialism, does not seem to even be aware that there is a philosophical argument that this is impossible.  He also speculates about nanotechnologies and how they will eventually give us a unprecented ability to manipulate physical reality.
2.0	 Part 3 of the book is comprised of specific predictions for 2009, 2019, 2029, and 2099.  This book was written in 1999, and we can already see that some of his 2009 predictions are either just simple extensions of things we were starting to see in 1999, while others wildly miss the mark, such as:  "the majority of reading is done on displays", "the majority of text is created using continuous speech recognition", and "intelligent roads are in use, primarily for long-distance travel."  That Kurzweil could be so far off in his 10 year predictions does not bode well for his 20-, 30-, and 100-year predictions.  Indeed, his predictions for 2019 sound like a science fiction novel, and of the ones that sound plausible I think he must be off by at least 30 years.  His speculations for 2029 are just fantastic.  In general he seems to "predict" based on the assumption that new technologies will be deployed as soon as they are available, underestimating a myriad of resisting factors:  legal, political, social, market, scientific, etc.
2.0	 Ultimately this book can be fun for skimming and raises a couple of thought-provoking issues, but as speculating about technology more than 10 years in the future is necessarily a foolish activity, there's plenty of foolishness to be found in here
2.0	sorry, i just thought the book was boring and worst of all, its a good story with alot of food for thought, but it was just written so poorly that it was ruined
2.0	A mediocre, intellectually lazy piece of work that will be of moderate value to beginners. Its basic points are valuable to those who have not been exposed to this structure, but it sorely lacks depth, committment to its subject, or the information value to hold the interest of a reader of above average mental capacity.
1.0	I have enjoyed reading other books by Mr. Prosek, however, this one was a true disappointment.
1.0	 I couldn't figure out if this was a book about fishing or drinking.  There seemed to be more anecdotes regarding drinking and getting soused than any fishing action.  Even if the author loves to drink, the book is supposed to be about fishing the 41st parallel and all that that should entail.
1.0	 I may not have learned much about trout fishing, but I sure know where to find booze joints along the 41st parallel
5.0	This book is so great it will never see the bookshelf.  As a first time mom, with my mom across the US, this book came in handy a lot.  I started to read this before my baby was born, and learned stuff I never even knew.  Afterwards it came handy as a refrence, especially when my baby got sick(which was a lot).  This book is great for any first time mom as a shower gift
4.0	What can one say about this book that hasn't been said before?  "Speaker for the Dead" is fundamentally different from "Ender's Game."  Those expecting epic space battles and wild technology will instead be confronted with science fiction in which the primary science is anthropology, which is a welcome change of pace.  "Speaker for the Dead" is by turns gripping, moving, frustrating, interesting, preachy and grossly manipulative.  It's not perfect, but what is?  
4.0	 Wise readers will stop the Ender series at the end of "Speaker for the Dead" and pretend that "Xenocide" doesn't exist.  Don't say I didn't warn you
1.0	This is a great read that will have you lol and thinking at the same time.
1.0	 The writer is talented and gifted and can turn a phrase as fast as you want to turn the page.
1.0	 Perspective, compassion and curiosity are operative words in this outstanding work.
1.0	 I can only imagine one of the Wilson brothers playing the writer in the flick.
1.0	 Don't let the title scare you off as once you get into it you will have made a deposit that will reap you interest
1.0	I'm not a big fan of existentialism to start out with, but I began this play expecting at least to find an interesting theme or philosophy concerning the nature of life and existence.  This work, however, is pure tripe.  Critical appraisal should not even be attempted for this drivel- it's akin to the random scribblings of a two-year old or a mud-splattered canvas.  The drawing on the front cover has more artistic value than this play.  In my mind, it doesn't merit serious consideration and analysis, because it is by nature pure absurdity and nonsense.  Beckett sure accomplished his goal though- look how many reviewers commented on the "extremely difficult themes" and "brilliant artistry" of the play
1.0	This book is terrible, awful, and immoral and if you love Danielle Steel books (don't bother to read this one).  My fiancee and I love to read to each other and I got angry/mad after reading this book.  I just don't believe that marriage is based on cheating.  I think Danielle Steel may have had one to many drinks while writing this book
5.0	You can read the other reviews to see what the book is about. Fascinating stuff if you have any interest in psychedelics whatsoever.
5.0	 The long and short of it is that this book is a great read for being written by a doctor and medical researcher. I found it highly enjoyable. The story is as interesting as the research, and Dr. Strassman's sincere account of the project's difficulties and the personal toll it took on him made the book even more of a page-turner for me.
5.0	 Note that a small fraction of reviewers here did not like it. What's not to like? The book has:
5.0	 A brief history of psychedelics
5.0	 A look into governmental drug-control bureaucracy
5.0	 Fascinating stories of weird trips including contact with alien beings
5.0	 The occasional rogue test subject
5.0	 Pissed off Buhddists
5.0	 An unstable intern
5.0	 Hilarious slogans like: "You don't come back from .04 an atheist"
5.0	 And other fun stuff
5.0	 Highly recommended reading.
5.0	Very good commentary on Revelation, from the viewpoint of everything but the Final Judgment occurred in the first century A.D
4.0	In an age when the advent of computer-generated sudoku seem to be taking over, Matt Gaffney responds with this very eloquent and entertaining exploration of standard crosswords and how they are created.
4.0	 Gaffney, an experienced puzzle constructor and editor, offers glimpses into the history of crosswords and their attributes, but the real strength of his book is its insight into the effort that constructors go in making gems for puzzlers. 
4.0	 He discusses the way that puzzle themes have evolved over time, the limits of themed and non-themed puzzles, challenges that constructors have posed themselves, and how new-wave constructors have pushed the boundaries of puzzles using technology to help them fill grids and using their twisted brains to find ever-more-intriguing clues.
4.0	 This book is well written in a conversational style filled with humorous anecdotes and includes interviews with many editors and constructors.
4.0	 Of most interest to me was a chapter in which four constructors are given partially completed grids and are asked to use their brains or computer assistance to generate "fills" that they think are best. The results are beautifully divergent, and the way that judges viewed them and rated them points out that the nature of "beauty" in crosswords is still a contested area.
4.0	 Like Amende's "Crossword Obsession" and Romano's "Crossworld" this book focuses on a very small field, but the thoroughness and humor that suffuse it make it a strong addition.
4.0	 This book will offer you insights into puzzles if you are a novice and will generate laughs of recognition and empathy if you are an expert or constructor. I recommend it.
4.0	 Will J
5.0	I know DR. Young and Shelley personally. They went to school with my dad and are great people. I have been to their home and retreat center Rancho Del Sol, and it is a great place. I also have been on the Ph Miracle diet for about 6 months now, and it works! I have lost over 20 pounds since then and I have cleared up some nasty protein pools in my blood that Rob found six months ago when I started the program.
5.0	 At first I was a bit skeptical and hesitant to go on the program, but after time I felt that it was working and it was great. The food - which is cooked by a good friend of my family's and is also on the Ph program - is excellent, and the program is great.
5.0	 And, those jerks that attack Rob and Shelley personally are nothing but low-life jerks. Rob and Shelley are wonderful people and great friends of mine. On their retreat to Rancho Del Sol, they went so far out of their way to help me and all of the others on the retreat.
5.0	 And, when you watch Rob do a live blood test, it is fascinating. He presents his findings in conferences that are followed by a great Alkaline lunch. And the findings are very interesting. He bases most of his work on the work of A. Bechamp, an 18th century scientist that was an understudy of Louis Pasture. The facts are there, and quiet fascinating. He (Rob) is brilliant, but a bit excentric. But that is understandable considering his passion for his work.
5.0	 Over all, this program works. I love the alternative path way to health, but do admit that Western methods are needed at times. I just feel that you don't need to "Dope up" on Px drugs at the first sigh of trouble.
5.0	 So I give this 5 stars not just for the program, but for Rob and Shelley as my good friends. 
5.0	 But...
5.0	 Do this in moderation to other healthy lifestyles. Don't just go 100 percent Alkaline all of the sudden. Slowly work your way to that wanted PH and be moderate with other health practices.
5.0	 So 5 stars for me.
5.0	 The book presents it all. A great read on the Ph program for weight loss! But do not assume something until you have read the book. And forget what you might think about the program until you read the book and have a sound understanding of Rob's theory.
5.0	 Thank you Rob and Shelley!!
4.0	I'm at home on bed rest and desperate for something good to read.  This book did the trick..  The narrator is smart, funny, and clearly aware that it is next to impossible to do much about most of the evil sleaziness of the world.  Certainly it is impossible to make changes in individual lives, one at a time.  (Or maybe I'm just jaded, too.  Some may call it maturity.)  Clearly, the narrator is the most decent character in a novel full of morally bankrupt people (from both sides of the tracks).  Ironically, his career is blindsided due to what others perceive to be questionable morals.   Anyway, join Max as he watches pathetic people with and without class, power, and agency screw up their lives even more than they already have, and help him make sense of it.  Great literature this ain't, but a smart, fun, cynical read it is
1.0	Between sending our country to war over false pretenses (ie; Bush's personal greed), terrible response to Hurricane Katrina, this whole anti-gay thing, and the failure that was No Child Left Behind, I'd have to say that Bush is not a very good leader. That and the guy can't seem to acknowledge 
1.0	 BTW, I myself am not gay but see nothing wrong with it. If you can see it in no other way, the gays might strike back, the way the blacks reacted to whites (and believe me, they had a good reason to) when they were being treated like crap in the '60's. So unless you want riots through your city, you'll at least try to be tolerant. This goes out to all you anti-gay people. And remember; Don't hate people without logical reason! (See, I have good reasons to hate Bush!
5.0	Born In Blood And Fire is a superbly presented and concise history of Latin America which covers six centuries and twenty countries, linking accounts of individuals, economics, politics and social structure in a uniform, logical progression of events which will delight both general readers and students seeking an introduction to the region's history. Chapters provide many insights on Latin issues in the process of revealing the history of different nations. Born In Blood And Fire is an invaluable introduction and survey for students of Latin American history
1.0	This is the first (and last) book by David Baldacci that I've ever read. He is one of the worst best-selling writers I've ever read. He writes almost every sentence of dialog in the form of a Tom Swifty sentence ("We've got to get out of here," said King, menacingly). His flair for melodramatic overstatement is second to none. The actions of the characters make no sense at all. For example, when Michelle sees a laser from a gun sight pointed at the chest of her trusty sidekick, Sean King, she says, "Sean, don't move!" instead of "Sean, dive for cover!!!" Bottom line - save your money and buy something worthwhile
5.0	The story is sweet, set in an earlier time but does not come across dated. There is an opportunity for math lessons (Sal keeps eating her berries = subtraction; tremendous mouthful = size/proportion) here. Beyond that, kids just love this story. I don't know if it is that there is one main character, a child, and another prominent character, a bear, or what, but I have given this as a gift and it is always a favorite
2.0	First time I looked through this book, was curiosity of my local library.  Checked out, and was blown away with how cool this book is.  That was 9 months ago.  
2.0	 Being a big U2 fan-and since the price had dropped considerably-decided to buy the book.  After a few minutes of 'reading' it, realized how crappy the pictures in the book are.  Seemes like 90-99% of the pictures are washed out, grainy, and horribly reproduced here.  Was there any quality control as this book went to press?  And for those 'new, never before seen pictures' they are pretty ho hum.  Because its not totally horrid, I'd give it 2.5 stars.  Just, well,  disappointing.  If I had to pay the full MSRP, I'd give it ZERO stars.
2.0	 While I must say, for $14 or so, you do get some good training on how heavy your next laptop will be...
4.0	This book has been a very good resource for our wedding.  However, I have found it lacking in a few areas.  It does not have any information on destination weddings.  I was also a little disappointed to not find a section on how to tastefully handle a departed parent.  
4.0	 Overall, this is the best book I have found on the topic of wedding ettiquette and it meshes nicely with Emily Post's Etiquette. 
5.0	Wanted:  A reader for Flann O'Brien's AT SWIM-TWO-BIRDS.  
5.0	 1) Requisites: Forgiveness of the not-very-linear, willingness to suspend disbelief and attachment to conventions, flexibility to take hairpin turns and seeming leaps of logic without a moment's notice, and tolerance of sloth, drink and the occasional effluvia. 
5.0	 2) Experience and education: familiarity with James Joyce, Samuel Beckett and Irish literary culture of the early 20th century helpful.  Competitive emphasis awarded applicants with a working definition of "metafiction."
5.0	 3) Job description: Sort out nested narratives of authors and their characters; identify author's concepts regarding the creative process; laugh at author's lampoons, ironies and jokes; develop a high appreciation of author's conceptuality and use of voice; locate surprising floes of prose through which echo all kinds of intelligence; don't worry about getting absolutely every reference; appreciate William Gass's critical introduction to this edition, which adds to the fun and vision, and spoils nothing.
5.0	 4) Compensation and benefits: Never boring, earns reader the metafictional and modern Irish literature badge of experience without much bloodletting.  
5.0	 5) Work location:  Ideally read in proximity to others with whom insights and jokes can be shared but post-college isolation doable; bed not recommended unless weird dreams desired; does not go overly well with sand, gooey sunscreen and the sounds of the top 40 blasting from the radio three beach blankets away. The local pub would quite suit the content.
2.0	This is a complex and detailed history chiefly of Cuban exiles in South Florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various U.S. administrations. In that sense, it is the story of two cities - Miami and Washington - and two peoples - Americans and Cubans.  
2.0	 I have an objection, though, with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously, even gorgeously at times, written. Didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and, worse, the result is a cold, humorless, colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup. 
2.0	 The author, in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose, apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers. It is, in that sense, a boring little disaster of a book. 
1.0	I saw the Bill Moyer's PBS series on Huston Smith.  I was very impressed.  I bought The World's Religions by Huston Smith and was blown away.  Fantastic summaries of the 7 great world religions and a chapter on the lesser religions.
1.0	 I've had the question nagging at the back of my mind for a while, "Does religion really matter?"  So, when coming across Why Religion Matters I knew I had to read it.
1.0	 I didn't read the whole book.  I fell just short of 200 pages before giving up.  The book wasn't getting to the point.  It just kept bashing science and Scientism, over and over.
1.0	 This is a dreadful book
5.0	'Lowbrow art' blends pop culture, street culture, pop art and surrealism with a strong focus on controversial sub-cultures from bikers to 60s sitcoms. It's about time that a thorough coverage of this genre is presented, and Painter and journalist Matt Dukes Jordan provides a spirited assessment of the high points of lowbrow in Weirdo Deluxe: The Wild World Of Pop Surrealism &amp; Lowbrow Art. Full-page color reproductions of such art, from labels to paintings, present both art displays and commentary on the artists creating them.
4.0	Lincoln Rhyme, detective extraordinaire and forensics expert, is hot on the trail of a chinese human smuggler/terrorist nicknamed The Ghost.
4.0	 A couple of the illegal immigrants being shipped to the US have escaped, are in hiding, and are being hunted down by The Ghost. The combined forces of the NYPD, FBI, as well as the INS must stop him before all of immigrants are taken out.
4.0	 Jeffery Deaver excels here and one can almost perceive the inspiration of Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes. Sonny Li, an undercover cop from China, is the most outstanding character in the book.
4.0	 Since most detective thrillers are generic, it's good to come across splendid work like this.
4.0	 Lincoln Rhyme fans obviously will enjoy The Stone Monkey, but initiates will also be thrilled by it
2.0	This is a very comprehensive book about the general subject of raising bilingual children, based on a number of case studies. I am sure that therefore it would be of great use to anyone studying a linguistic subject in this realm. 
2.0	 However as a handbook for parents who want to raise a bilingual child it hardly offers any advise. I have a different native tongue than my wife, who's native language is English. Living in an English speaking country I would like my daughter to learn my (foreign) native language too. What I was looking for is a book with tips and ideas, such as word games, books, etc. to bring a second language playfully and naturally into a toddler's life. 
2.0	 If you are looking for such a book too, this is not the one. Although the book may be good for a linguistics student I have to give it a low rating because of its misleading title
1.0	I have never read a Danielle Steel novel, but my friend bought it when we were inter-railing through Europe last week so I picked it up out of sheer boredom. 
1.0	 The grammar is atrocious, and the repetitiveness highly irritating. How many times do Sasha and what's his name need to break up and get back together? How often does Sasha need to cry about this artsy guy? 
1.0	 This book was so annoying that I had to literally put it down and stop reading it.
1.0	 I will never pick up another Danielle Steel book, and I am still appalled that the publishing world even let this one be published!
5.0	The book is clearly written and it solved many of the mysteries I had concerning trading options.  An excellent feature of the book is that it gives the addresses of many online sources for stock or option information
1.0	Temperance Brennan is an American forensic anthropologist .The author is a anthropologist in real life and I feel she gave to much detail as to body parts &amp; conditions ,&amp; locations in the book , and in about the 3rd chapter to much time and space is wasted talking about "Gabby " including in detail where gabby lives and details that surround the outside of Gabbys place &amp; How Gabby and Tempe were friends from GRad to man parts in life . Book was not for me I dropped it at the 3rd chapter .
5.0	I am returning to the market after several years in the motion picture industry and was looking for a refresher on the business end of photography.
5.0	 Vik Orenstein has provided a wonderful primer for both beginner and professional alike, and I unreservedly recommend this book to anyone who is serious about pursuing a career in photography.
5.0	 She thoroughly covers necesary subjects such as choosing CPAs and lawyers, networking, and the various photographic markets available for pursuit. She does all of this in a winsome way, relating both her successes and failures as she developed and grew her own studios.
5.0	 If you are considering entering the field of photography as a professional, seriously consider purchasing this book. You will be making a very wise investment
1.0	I was terribly disappointed with this King release.  Could a creative writing student done better?  Perhaps.   It was by far the worst published work I've ever read.  It was unreadable.  Throughout the entire first chapter I waited for a plot to be formed.  The characters were choppy and the story went nowhere.  The book seemed to be published on his name alone.  I have been disappointed in S. King  for some time now and this book really cemented my idea that he has lost his touch.  I am a long time fan, I began reading him in 8th grade and the last good book I read, written by him, was Hearts In Atlantis. 
1.0	The premise of the story caught my attention -- a man presumed dead for years, whose wife had already collected a large insurance policy on him, appears to be alive after all.  The problem is that Sue Grafton's fictional detective Kinsey Millhone is too incompetent to solve the case.  How does she resolve her dilemma?  By asking two other perpetrators if they were involved just to satisfy Ms. Milhone's curiosity.  Lame!   And then there is this subplot into Ms. Millhone's personal life that leads to nowhere.  I don't know what "K" or the rest of the alphabet has in store for readers, but I'm not interested in finding out
5.0	This is one of the few books that I have come across that focuses mainly on the innards of security assessments. The services based security and counter measures are helpful for threat modeling. This book is really great for people in the security risk and threat analysis for a quantitative and qualitative validation. Good book to help in setting up corporate security policy model. 
5.0	 Other people have already provided a good chapter wise run-down so I will skip that here...
5.0	 Buy this book :)
4.0	Basically Diamond Baratta Design is a lovely picture book - If you are a decorator or decorating your own home it can be a good source of inspiration or at least a few ideas .If just a fan of decorators it might disappoint as there is little substantive background information about their careers and philosophy. A good mate to this volume would be a book about Dorothy Draper as the Diamond Baretta team follow through on many of her ideas about color and scale. 
1.0	Im a regular reader of Forbes Magazine, and theres nothing i love more then reading about inspirational stories of entrepreneurs, businessmen, tycoons etc so i picked up this book thinking its by "Forbes" so it must have some great stories. I also rely on Amazon.com reviews for my purchases, so everything i say is from the bottom of my heart...
1.0	 But im sorry you would not believe how BORING this Book actually turned out to be. The writing style of Daniel Gross, is well "Grossly Boring", Unispirational, unmoving and generally a waste of your money and time. 
1.0	 As far as im concerned:
1.0	 This Book will NOT inspire you, It will not motivate you, it wont even make you appreciate the Great accomplishments of the very people it writes about. 
1.0	 It is a diservice to the personalities it talks about, and is a diservice to Forbes. Very disapointed, im just hoping to flog it for whatever i can get. 
1.0	 Finally i would advise anyone who is genuinely interested in the personalities this Book writes about to do a GOOGLE search and read about them from there, because you will probably learn and appreciate more that way.
2.0	Ms. Reichs has lost the recipe, or at least the focus and formula that has brought her success prior to Cross Bones. Although not nearly as bad as P. Cornwell's last two or three misfires, Reichs is way wide of her usual high mark here. In this offering, Temperance is out of character, out of both style and focus, and the story is just overly convoluted and circuitous; a yarn that meanders around heading every which way except toward a finished product. Even the writing is unfamiliar and not of the same voice Reichs has maintained in her many Brennan novels. Having finally given up on Cornwell, after many years, I'll hang in there for one more Temperance Brennan dig; everyone is entitled to one gong
2.0	This story should have and COULD HAVE been really good. It presents a great concept, but the story is just so poorly crafted. It is VERY sexist, the prose is stiff, and the plot is dull. I will concede that it was interesting at times; it kept me reading, but I really didn't get much out of it. I can only praise Heinlein for including the "intelligent conversation" which takes place after the press conference, where there is a great explantion on why the English language is so difficult to learn. The whole story is just very odd. Do read it though. It's a title to read if you wish to be considered "well read." Despite its faults, Valentine Michael Smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten, just as we will never forget Atticus from "To Kill A Mockingbird."
1.0	I am a big Catherine Coulter fan, but this book is awful.  You can skip all the Soap scenes, a waste of space.  Much of the dialouge made no sense and the characters were very flat.
1.0	 Don't waste the $6, borrow from the library if you want to read
5.0	I was almost dead. This works. First energy came back to me for each round of detox. Then allergies lessened, joint aches went away, stomach problems decreased.. Well, poisonoed people can have hundreds of symptoms, I wont count to 100. Read his forum on yahoogroups for more info.
5.0	 Good luc
1.0	I totally agree with the couple of reviews where the book was sent back to Amazon. Some of the reviews are positively glowing and just why is beyond my comprehension, The book offers (as do most watercolor instruction books)considerable  sound advice about supplies and composition etc etc etc but the pictures SUCK! It is difficult for me to believe this is a professional artist (presuming  making a living on this humdrum output.) She has a vey limited palette mostly autumnal browns and golds and mostly very small (8x8 and 12x12) pictures that are a hash and rehash of weeds leaves and branches,,sometimes a watercolor book is so astoundingly beautiful it is worth having just to admire the pics,,,well,,,not this one! Totally ripped off is the feeling given,
2.0	Most of the people looking at this book most likely already have an interest in women's studies, feminism, and the like.  If that's you, you're going to be disappointed.  You could already guess the author's point and what she's going to say, and she offers it all up without any interesting insights.  If you're just interested in stripping, you'll also be disappointed, because there's nothing particularly compelling about her story or the "back stage" scenes she offers.  If you're familiar with Eaves's reporting, from Slate magazine and such, you'll already be familiar with her style -- superficial analysis and lack of compelling argument or detail.  Skip this book -- there are better feminist analyses of stripping out there, and there are much more interesting stripper "tell-all" autobiographies as well. 
1.0	A thoroughly self-indulgent narrator abandons her family on a whim and ventures out (on her husband's dime?) to "discover herself" and experience the kinds of things her priviledged, sheltered life never offered her. The novel is nicely crafted, but the character is shallow and cloying--sadly, I think we're supposed to support her. I kept hoping she'd return home to an empty house.
1.0	I was disappointed by this book. It does not help me to understand the 'truth' about global warming. Patrick Michael's subjective ranting throughout the book can be labelled 'humour', and 'readability', but I have to say that, for me, the rhetorical devices just put me off. It's just sensationalising the subject.
1.0	 I can understand that he may feel he has a point here, and he may have one, I don't know (still), but, as a scientist, I find it impossible to take what he says seriously when it is just littered with remarks that would be better placed in a tabloid newspaper.
1.0	 He makes some good points about the links between science, media and funding - how organisations will link issues to the cute and furry animals and so on in order to get more support. But these have been made many years ago, and aren't news to me as a social scientist. Ditto for the difficulties for attributing causality (p.128).
1.0	 What I find, as with Lomborg's book, is that these authors are so busy building a rebuttal to an argument that they themselves produce 'evidence' that is just as biased, if not more so, the other way, and this reduces their credibility to anyone who is not already convinced that they are right. Relying on the rhetoric of powerful soundbites to get those who agree with him is not going to convince those of us who are really trying to learn here.
2.0	Dr. Steven Greer is a well-known figure on the fringe of UFOlogy, and he claims to have "briefed" senior government figures on the UFO issue, but five minutes with this book reveals why few take the issue seriously.
2.0	 It's an amateurish, sometimes incoherent clip job of unedited, free-flowing interviews with dozens of scientists, pilots and former government/military figures, most of whom say they experienced a highly strange UFO episode (though some of the "testimony" is second-hand). 
2.0	 The firsthand stories can be very interesting and provocative, especially when they purport to cover the government's secrecy, suppression and disinformation techniques. But any impact the content might have is pretty much overshadowed by the hard fact that "Disclosure" is a disorganized, misspelled, contradictory, somrtimes unintelligible, incoherent mess. It's not even "written" in the strict sense -- it appears to be a bunch of interview transcripts hurriedly set in type, not subjected to so much as a simple spell-checker. Names and geographic locations are mangled, punctuation is absent, and the speakers' weird allusions are left hanging. It's hundreds of pages long, but it feels like the world's biggest high school social studies project. 
2.0	 The one consistent stylistic point is that Dr. Greer's name or initials appear over and over and over again -- nobody ever accused him of missing self-promotion opportunities -- but the amateurish nature of the production is a net negative mark against him. It's a mess.
2.0	 In a foreword Greer says the material was/is so urgent, because it deals with the future of the entire human race, etc., that it had to be rushed into publication. I would like to think the definitive word on the future of the entire human race will be spelled right and look like it came from grown-ups.
2.0	 Tragically disorganized efforts like "Disclosure" warm the hearts of the disinformation masters, I'm sure, because the UFO movement hangs itself with this kind of stuff -- or at least consigns itself to eternal fringe status. It's a serious subject and it deserves serious coverage, but "Disclosure," for all the nuggets of interest it contains, helps guarantee that the subject won't be taken seriously for the foreseeable future.  
1.0	Don't waste your money! The author allegorizes the text to say that Genesis (at least the so called "prehistory") is no more than ancient mythology. Its amazing to me a Christian scholar can claim that the bible is anything other than the LITERAL word of God. If you take the scripture seriously, don't waste your time or money
4.0	There was no marks in the whole book, and the price was great
1.0	Mcmurry is a colourful and over-generalized textbook that presents the most fundamental concepts of organic chemistry without fully elucidating on their logic. Mcmurry's style is to induce learning of 0-chem via memorizing of reaction mechanisms, and other trivial components.
1.0	 The only reason you should buy this book (same reason I did) is if your o-chem course is based on this; that being, this is your prescribed text. It is far too difficult to study organic chemistry with another textbook. However this may not be the case for this edition of Mcmurry. Organic Chemistry by Wade has the same chapter format, covers essentially the same thing but treats  the fundamental principles with more depth; allowing the reader to appreciate the finer points of organic chemistry.
1.0	 One thing that irritated me the most about this book was that there is no appendix for IR frequencies of major functional groups, and mass spectra is barely covered. It is at best just mentioned...nothing more. Wade treats the interpretation of spectral data with more clarity and depth...something which is essential in second year chemistry.
1.0	 All in all this book doesnt even provide a good grounding in the basics. When it discuses KMnO4 oxidatation, that at least should be a review of redox. 
1.0	 The chapters on Substitution and elimination reactions as well as further chapters in aromatic chemistry are satisfactory, but it is the basics that are lacking. I would suggest for first time o-chem students to consult Wade and compare it to the writing style of Mcmurry. Albeit Mcmurry is very nice and colourful, you will regret its lack of depth and its over simplification of organic chemistry.
1.0	 The book itself is supplemented with another spectroscopy book here in Australia, which suggests the severe lackings of this book. This has been inherent in it for the last three editions...Not too happy with it
2.0	The suburban landscape of the United States is the subject of this book, advertised as "the first practical guide to creating communities that truly are communities-not merely enclaves near off-ramps." Guided by the principles of the Congress for the New Urbanism (CNU), the book uses excerpts from that organization's Charter to illuminate its advocacy of more connected development patterns. The book's scope extends beyond the commercial strip to include the major building blocks of towns and suburbs, such as apartment complexes, schools, parks and office campuses.
2.0	 Hall and Porterfield includes passages of fist-thumping suburbia-bashing similar to James Howard Kunstler's Home From Nowhere (1998, Touchstone Books) or Jane Holtz Kay's Asphalt Nation (1997, Crown). They also include graphic material, much of it adapted their earlier book, A Concise Guide to Community Planning (1994, McGraw-Hill). 
2.0	 Readers knowledgeable about New Urbanism will find few surprises here, other than a few glaring factual errors, like a reference to "Tyson's Corners, Virginia, one of the largest metropolitan areas in the United States" (p. 7) and a claim that Edge Cities and urban villages are "two names for essentially the same thing" (p. 210). Good points crop up here and there, but recommendations are so limited in scope that it can be difficult to discern whether the sample site designs are intended to be good or bad examples, which limits the book's usefulness pedagogically. The lack of dimensions on most of the drawings also severely limits the book's utility as a practical reference. Hall and Porterfield contrast "conventional suburban development" and "Traditional Neighborhood Development" options for site plans, but the comparisons sometimes seem forced and nearly always ignore the larger regional issues so critical to the debate. 
2.0	 One ideal audience for this book might suburban planning commissioners, who need guidance from designers in order to understand the differences between conventional suburban development pods and walkable, human-scaled neighborhoods.
5.0	Realy the core of alpinism. No bla,bla bussiness. Expirienced in person and transfered into the readers bloodstreem
5.0	Da Chen's rendition of memories etched within his heart is very descriptive. I especially like this passage: 
5.0	 "...The thoughts tortured me and I squirmed in shame and humiliation, but I had to face reality. The teacher could throw me out with a sneer on his face. That was fine, I had thick skin. A poor child couldn't afford to have thin skin. Only rich boys and well-to-do girls with cute little butterflies in their hair could afford to have thin skin"
5.0	 For a child of nine, to have such vivid memory of a childhood, is  startling. The innocence and words crafted makes Colors of the Mountain, a reading worth investing time in. Reading between the words give you an insight to how deep Da Chen's spiritual values are.
5.0	 An amazing, funny and innocent book
4.0	It is good that men should dwell together.  Men should share their experiences with eachother
2.0	I read A is for Alphabet years ago and did not get pulled into the series.  Years later I read S is for Silence and was hooked. I started to read the series--backwards at first and then jumped to the beginning.  I have really enjoyed the books and felt a connection to the heroine (and forgiven Ms. Grafton for making her weigh 118 lbs on her 5'6" frame).  However, I agree with the other readers who feel like this is not Grafton at her best.  You just can't believe that Kinsey would put herself in these ridiculous positions---belting a police officer to endear herself to a woman she is investigating, remaining in an incredibly (and unbelievable) dangerous situation, to name a few.  The dialogue is weak,the sexual situations seem gratutitous, and there is a fair amount of stereotyping of hispanics.  But even with these issues, I did finish the book.  Grafton at her low point is still a good read
4.0	Seriously, I had to write this review because of all the people who gave it such a low rating. ARE YOU KIDDING ME. Ok there may be a few things wrong with the book. I wouldn't mind a few pictures here and there. However, to say that the whole book is terrible is a bit extreme. I have a bunch of cookbooks and this is the one I continually go back to to compare recipes. I sold baked good at a farmers market and his Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies got rave reviews. He also gives so many options on a way to change a recipe. Like his cheescake. He gives you a way to light it up or make a dense one. He troublshoots each recipe in case something did go wrong. Very good book
1.0	Reading the title and description of this book, I was excited about reading it. I found the writing not up to the task! Despite having a great deal of interest in the subject, after scanning the book I decided not to read it
5.0	This is a unique and hilarious book on 23 models that the author, Adrian Slywortzky, presents for improving the profitability of a company. The author methodically presents an insightful story in each chapter enabling the reader to gain an appreciation of the 23 models through parables and hilarious stories.
5.0	 The author did a good job of transforming a rather dry subject into something interesting which both the veteran in accounting and the novice will find enjoyable and enlightening. The reader is made to reflect and think about their business which makes the book unique and useful.
5.0	 As soon as I got the book, I swallowed it in three days and I have to admit that it was extremely tasty and satisfying. This is a useful book for all people running businesses and those intending to do so. 
1.0	This is a kids book. First few had my attention but since then its getting worse with each book.
4.0	Having lived in the author's home for two years while in New York I am biased towards this niche masterpiece.  Although my interests are on opposite sides of the map in relation to this book I had the privilege to witness, first hand, the author's diligence and perseverence in putting the finishing touches on his textual opus.  
4.0	 In this book Mr. Gauch brings his statistical mastery with him in his endeavor to reconcile science, philosophy and religion in the public arena.  In so doing he greatly enables scientists to become better at what they do by examining the foundations of the scientific method.  This book is a must read for students of science and scientific professionals alike
2.0	There really was good bits to this book.  Unfortunately, her accusation against Bible translators as being male and therefore biased against passages that dealt with women seemed terribly harsh if not arrogant.  The basic line of reason goes as follows: "All Bible translators are bigots and have gotten this passage wrong. 'Authority' in the this Biblical passage really doesn't mean 'authority'in the greek."  What does it mean?  Hubcap
5.0	I enjoyed Robert Webber's book and have enjoyed hearing him speak as well. At a recent speaking engagement he echoed my own concern over the "fate" of the church in America. So much "commodification" has happened in the church that one wonders if anyone knows what it truly means to be "ecclesia"? Although I agree with much of what he says and am part of a liturgical church (The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod which utilizes the church calendar and has had a strong emphasis on liturgy - - - the church body which Webber received his doctorate from), my question is are we truly called to "change" the church in order to meet the people where they are at? 
5.0	 I agree with his assessments yet I question the reasonings behind doing it. Do we begin to emphasize certain things to the demise of others, just because the culture would be more "prone" to come to the church? Or does the church remain faithful to its calling despite the changing tides of culture? 
5.0	 Our self-centered culture always asks the question "What does this mean for me?", and this has been a active question in the church for sometime. I believe the question that we should be asking is how does God give meaning to me, or what do I mean to God? Our focus needs to be off of ourselves and onto the Lord of the cosmos
2.0	Rising Sun was a terrible read.  Crichton uses one device throughout:  the old hand knows everything an hour before the young guy and slowly reveals it to him.  It's tiring and monotonous.  Never mind the even more monotonous lectures on the differences between American and Japanese business cultures.
2.0	I have read many books on WWII from many perspectives and have been to visit the D-Day beaches four times. I cannot visit the American graves in Normandy without being moved. Twice I have had the experience of hearing taps played near Omaha Beach. I have the utmost respect for all those who fought and died. I had high expectations for the book. My problem is that the book never finds its voice. At times it is the four star general writing with his perspective of high and at other times it is the young colonel leading his men. I wanted to hear more from this man. Just as he starts to share, the general leaps in and throws off the narrative. Let the colonel talk about his artillery missions and show me more of how his experience was different. (A few photos and maps would be nice). If the general needs to talk, give him a separate chapter at the end of the book. We hear from the privates and generals but not the majors and colonels. Their voices could add to the history. I wish the colonel would have spoken for them
2.0	This book got great reviews and was recommended to me by someone whose taste I trust, but I've got to say, I just don't understand its appeal.  It starts out as mildly intriguing, and some of the scenes with the unwed mothers in the first section are evocative, but the lovably twinkly and clairvoyant old nun is just too saccharine to bear, and the narrator of the middle section, salt-of-the-earth gardener Son, is not only too good to be true, he's also deathly boring--a dull-witted drone.  I've read Bel Canto and The Patron Saint of Liars only confirms my belief that Ann Patchett's novels are overrated. 
5.0	This is a technically meaty book for the medical professional that can overwhelm the layperson. Yet the area of Autism, Asperger's Syndrome and PDD study is in desperate need of the fresh out-of the-box thinking that this book provides. A parent can learn alot skimming over the "why's" and "what fors".  For example; focusing on bold print sub-points instead of trying to follow the fine points of metabolism described in the following paragraphs, will serve you well.  This book will give you a good overview of groundbreaking research and treatment. Most of all, it will give parents hope that our children may still be capable of functioning better, not just coping with limitations.
4.0	I read this novel because it won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction.  Anne Tyler has a gift for portraying ordinary indivdiuals who live ordinary lives.  Yet her novel is anything but ordinary because her characters are simple, yet real and their dialogue rings true.  Moreover, Ms. Tyler, like Hardy and Miller before her, clearly believes and successfully posits that her mundane characters are heroic because they survive, perservere and present (albeit unknowingly) moral and spiritual lessons that are universal to us all. But my hesitation in giving this novel 5 stars is that, while it is great fiction, it is not the greatest fiction of its time. And this raises another issue.  Why have so many Pulitzer Prize novels, such as "Gilead," "The Known World," "Empire Falls," "The Hours," "Kavalier &amp; Clay," and "Middlesex," disappointed me recently? While these are compelling and at times superb works, they are not, in my opinion, deserving of the Pulitzer Prize.  Of recent winners, only "The Shipping News" merits that distinction.  Perhaps I will focus on National Book Award winners, since they seem more uniformly satisfying.
5.0	I am one of those freaks who would look at a bezillion books before settling with one. (Talking about computer books ofcourse!).   This is especially significant when it comes to XML because there is so much tech jargon out there &amp; it is really hard find a book that does not get lost in the details &amp; instead introduce us to the core right away.  This book does exactly that.  You will start writing decent xml right away.  
5.0	 The following will be helpful.
5.0	 1.  HTML knowledge (a little)
5.0	 2. The concept of scripts
5.0	 3.  The concept of CSS
5.0	 4. The concept of XML 
5.0	 When I say 'the concept of', I am only talking about a surface level, "Purpose of existence" kind.  Even if you don't know anything about XML, you will be fine with this book.
5.0	 The book gradually introduces the concepts &amp; does a very neat job of explaining new ideas. 
5.0	 Peace.
2.0	I started reading 'The no.1 Ladies Detective Agency' but could never really get into it. I liked the idea of this book however so decided to give the author another go. Sadly, although the book has some funny moments (Bertie's tantrums!)it never really gripped me. I love Scotland but am not familar enough with the places and slang terms so felt i missed out on the 'insider' comments. The book also has a very poor ending which leaves lots of loose ends and you end up thinking 'hold on what happened to..?' and 'what was the point of?'.
2.0	 On the whole it is ok and i imagine if you are familar with Edinburgh you would enjoy it more than i did
5.0	I have always enjoyed the older books by Larry Niven, and recently began collecting them again.  I love the entire integral universe he has created and the stories are excellent.  I would recommend this book for anyone who is looking for a realtively quick sci-fi read for the summer
4.0	Some of the reviews listed criticize this book for it's "opinions," "harsh jugdements," etc. This was written as a private journal, and not to betaken as an indepth, researched, polished project. Just let him speak!
5.0	The Oxford Atlas is the best of all competitors. It is full-size, high quality ink and paper, 368 pages and covers most areas of history from the caveman to the present time. I am not speaking of the concise edition but of the full-size edition. The ISBN number is #0195215672. 
5.0	 This book covers about 2,000,000 years of history from the origins of humanity to the year 2000. The Atlas is the result of over three years' work by internationally renowned cartographers, an expert editorial team and specialist academic consultants
2.0	Being a long-time Nancy Drew collector, I really looked forward to reading this book, but I found it to be very disappointing. I've read a lot of the 'tart-noir' wacky-gal mystery series, and this book seems to have all the standards - sexy, ditzy gal who just can't seem to get it all together, hunky boyfriend, obsession with glamorous flashy clothes, the need to keep secrets from the police, and on and on. But Cece Caruso just doesn't come off with any realism to me. She's too over-the-top, and she's not even a good detective. By her own admission, over and over throughout the book, she keeps missing the point, and the clues, and everything else that would lead her to understand what's going on and solving the mystery.
2.0	 Cece is a biographer of mystery writers and in this book she is writing a book about Carolyn Keene, the author of the Nancy Drew books who was and still is a group of ghostwriters. There is a lot of Nancy Drew collecting info in this story that was, for the most, taken from some speculative fan-made guides, honored by some collectors as The Truth but frowned upon as hypothetical by the rest of the bibliographic world. It also seems the author made up some of her own. Her depiction of Nancy Drew collectors at their annual convention in Palm Springs is really unflattering. Believe me, they are not the strange, nerdy, boring people she makes them out to be. For some reason she found it necessary to compare their boring get-together with a wild swinging convention of golf-fan lesbians at the same hotel.
2.0	 It's disappointing that the first major piece of fiction published about Nancy Drew collecting and Nancy Drew collectors is such a mediocre book that plods along for the most going this way and that in directions that lead nowhere or that Cece just doesn't 'get'. Her obsessions with vintage clothes, gourmet foods, alcoholic beverages, art, and on-again-off-again boyfriend are all pretty interesting, but she and her gang need more characterization, and need to be a little less fabulous-in-every-way to be believable.
2.0	 Nancy Drew fans who read this book will probably be disappointed. It's less about Nancy and more about Cece and friends and how 'hot' and 'cool' and too-fabulous-to-be-true they are. Let's hope the next author who takes on the Nancy Drew mystique will give it a more interesting treatment
1.0	I recently saw this book on the bargain bin.  This book was pure garbage, by two arrogant 20-somethings in clown suits.  Basically they are saying valuations don't matter.  Since they wrote the book, it has been prooven that their philosophy, approached over the long term, produces some great damaging losses.  The book may be useful during the next bubble, which if history serves, will occur well after these clowns pass on to the big three-ring circus in the sky.  To the dungeon with these two knaves
5.0	Is Amy Goodman the last honest journalist in America?  Along with maybe 20 others - maybe YEAH !!!  What I admire most about Ms Goodman is her persistence - while there are other hard-working investigative journalists - Seymour Hersh, Robert Fisk, to name a few - no one - but no one - punches in as many hours on the clock as she does.  All of which is evidenced in the book which is a summation of the highlights of her research leading up to the build-up of the war in Iraq and through the war as it stands now.  What is essential in this rendering, however, is that the reasons for our current policy are made explicit - as they are daily on her magnificent show on Radio Free America - Pacifica.  It's nice to see it collected in an easily referenced and indexed hard copy
4.0	I've read the Left behind series twice, and, both times, I blazed through 'Armageddon'. In my honest opinion, it was one of the best in the series. Why? Simply due to logical progression. 
4.0	 When one of the main characters make a stupid and fatal mistake, we are taken on a journey with them. When another one of the 'heroes' makea stupid move in judgment, we are taken on the journey with them. When one of the longtime main characters in the series decides to step into the warzone, he is not in the middle of some act of God that will save his life. 
4.0	 Armageddon is simply one of the wildest books in the series and relies on very little, if any, use of deus ex machina to bail out the stupid main characters. 
4.0	 True, the writing is still simple and the characters even simpler, but by this point, you should alreayd know that. The thing about Armageddon that makes it so good is the pace it moves. It's both frenetic and painstaking at the same time. How is this possible? Because we are constantly switching from different points of view. However, each one of them is an ordeal of suffering (especially for the haters of LB that have stupidly stuck with the story for so long... either they have no life, are very, very hopeful, or are too ashamed to admit that they, too, love this story).
4.0	 Bottom line - things HAPPEN in this book. After the turd that was 'The Remnant', where virutally nothign of note happened, 'Armageddon' puts all the pieces on the board for the final battle in 'Glorious Appearing'.
4.0	 I should also mention that the title may be a bit misleading. This book simply introduces Armageddon, and the first few battle of the great war; 'Glorious Appearing' is the grand finale where it all happens.
4.0	 In any case, thumbs way up for 'Armageddon'
1.0	The Amazon description says Vol. 1-3, boxed set, hardcover.  That is all true.  What they don't tell you is that there are actually six volumes.  The box in which it comes is clearly marked, "Volumes 1-3 (of six)."  That would have been a much better description for Amazon to have used.  If you have volumes 4-6 and you are looking to complete the set, this book is for you.  If you are looking for the complete set, look elsewhere
5.0	Two weeks ago my girlfriend Snow and I dined at Tetsuya's new restaurant Mju at the Millenium Knightsbridge Hotel in London, prompted by Snow's raving of Tetsuya from her winters in Sydney.  The only dining option is an eight-mini-course tasting menu, but since the man himself was in town (Tetsuya spends only one week a month in London) we were all for it.  We thought the portions were adequate, but I suspect people used to NYC portions might go home hungry.  I must say that his cuisine was awesome - highlighting the flavors of fresh ingredients, and many of the courses were based on raw or undercooked items.  Although the presentation of the food was highly stylised - just look at the photos in the cookbook and they are similarly presented at your table - the cooking is unfussed and the philosophy predominantly reflected the Japanese appreciation for simplicity and French classical culinary techniques.  The result was that every dish managed to emphasize yet enhance the flavor of the main ingredient.  Compared to Nobu, Tetsuya is hardly fusion and very Asian at heart.  Most of the courses served at Mju are included in the cookbook, so we know that these recipes have been tried and tested.  What's most gratifying is the listing at the end of the book of food sources for Mju - London lags NYC in terms of high-end food stores such as Dean &amp;amp; Deluca and Citarella, so the list is very useful, and it allows me to dream about learning to cook at the level of a master like Tetsuya
5.0	It is an amazing journey through our deepest fears and questions about life whether personal or professional.  The first part goes through those questions all of us have or have had combined with real life examples and a second part where the author shares his insight as to what to do with all those questions and answers we start to get by reading the book
5.0	This is a fascinating, entertaining, short read about a group of travellers who take a bus excursion from hell into a place where they are given a chance to go into heaven. Surprisingly, they actually seem to prefer hell.  This is not a book about what heaven is like or what hell is like.  It's about people like us, and our choices, and how they affect our lives as eternal beings.
5.0	 Reading the dialogue as heavenly beings try to convince them to come to heaven, I found myself trying to keep track of who was the "right" person and who was "wrong", because the way the hell-people were talking was just the same way I talk! Of course, they seemed so stupid to me because I was on the heaven side of the book. But it reminded me of a quote from the movie The Truman Show (paraphrased): "I think what bothers you is that Truman prefers his cell." 
5.0	 These people lived in hell (and that description is interesting too) and they would rather go back there than swallow the pride that had made them reject God in the first place. One of Lewis' easier reads, for people who find him difficult to follow
2.0	Well, I'd love to read a good book by that title and one might even copy the blurb texts and the table of contets of Woodhouse's book - all its weaknesses are in the fine print, so to say. The paradigm wars the title  refers to are meant to take place between &amp;quot;traditional&amp;quot;  (mechanistic, etc.) science and &amp;quot;new age&amp;quot; (holistic, etc.) world  views, which present levels of complexity not available to the traditional  approaches. No doubt such a war takes place presently... (1) It's an  obvious problem that the &amp;quot;new&amp;quot; paradigm is conceptualized as  being open and unfinished - together with the author's desire to  appropriate all nice and interesting recent scientific developments for his  side, one may at times wonder what the &amp;quot;new paradigm&amp;quot; is and what  limits it necessarily must have. (2) Woodhouse limits is attention more or  less to academic debate - but that's not primarily where the wars are being  fought. (Does he think it really matters? The climate in academic  institutions may depend on quite a number of factors beside rational  arguments...) The bullets fly right in our everyday life situatios - when  we see our physician and argue about a treatment (which may or may not be  paid by health insurance depending on the influence that &amp;quot;traditional  scientists&amp;quot; (aka drug manufacturers and their lackeys) have on the  insurance firm). It also takes place in firms striving for enhanced  effectiveness in the form of the question &amp;quot;will it be possible to make  our employees work harder - or should we consider something new  altogether?&amp;quot;. And it takes many more forms one does not even find  mentioned in this book. (3) On the fronts of these wars I know, the  situation looks rather bleak for new approaches. traditional doctrines are  well entrenched and have lots of powerful allies - economic shorttermism  advocating &amp;quot;tried and true&amp;quot; measures, traditional health  providers, genetic engineering firms, religious institutions producing cult  scares from time to time, etc. If you advocate divergent paradigms, you  need a lot of patience - and you're also faced with some serious problems  Woodhouse does not mention. Let me point here only to the fact that while  publicly recognized &amp;quot;sciences&amp;quot; have something like a memory in  terms of libraries and institutional continuity, &amp;quot;new age  thought&amp;quot; all to often starts all over again, repeats its standard  arguments and, in sum, doesn't get anywhere for lack of such a continuity,  for lack of references one could build on. Altogether, I'm sorry for the  money and for the time I spent on this book. Still, someone should write a  better one... - it's a worthy project, just a faulty implementation
1.0	Estrich is far from unbiased and makes an attempt to come off as such. She's in the hip pocket of the Liberals and is exactaly what her book claims Coulter and her fans are. A friend forced me to reed this claiming it would forever change my views. Quite the opposite.
1.0	 Ann Coulter wrote her book standing up for conservatives and Christians since people like Estrich is out there trying to say the liberal way a good person would think. Everything else is wrong. She now comes out with phony outrage and tries to claim that the conservatives are the ones who have been attacking. Fact is Bill Clinton did do monumentally fould and dangerous things to this country.
1.0	 When Clinton was in office Estrich defended everything he did. We had 8 terrorist attacks under Clinton and she felt it was appauling to speek so negatively about a seeted president. What a double standard.
1.0	 Now with this book she shows phoney moral outrage and copies Coulter trying to reverse the flow. 
1.0	 If you can, borrow this book, don't waste your money. reed it if you plan to argue with someone though. It is full of flawed logic and total bull. It will make your arguing easy. Libs hate facts
2.0	Unlike most reviewers here, I really disliked this book.  The main reason is that the entire novel is a gimmick without any real substance.  There is no reason to tell such a dull story except for the fact that there is some mysterious story-within-a-story complexity.
2.0	 The characters, especially the protagonist Iris, are bores.  Iris is like a 300 page wet blanket.  Most of the other characters are 1-dimensional cut outs.  Her sister Laura is the exception, but she got on my nerves too with her one-note quirkiness.
2.0	 The story-within-a-story is more a gimmick than anything else.  The science-fiction meta-story within that story I thought was the most interesting part of the book, but it goes nowhere and its purpose is even more tenuous than its parent.
2.0	 Finally, this is my second Atwood book, and I really dislike her writing style.  It reads as if she is trying too hard, and even the simplest situations feel forced.
2.0	 I don't understand why everyone seems to like this book, but I would just suggest not to believe all the hype.
2.0	For all the hype this book has received I am pretty disappointed. I found this book to be written in a very non-engaging style, making it difficult to just follow what the author was saying. Additionally it's absolutely terribly organized.  What kind of programming book spends the first couple of chapters talking about programs that use and implement classes, and then finally halfway through the book actually tells you what a class is and how to make one.
2.0	 It's absolutely unusable as a reference, and just barely useable as a means of learning C++.  C++ is a very large and complicated programming language, and therefore books on it should do their best to be as helpful and organized as possible.
2.0	 If programming languages were books, C++ would be "C++ Primer", poorly thought out, unorganized, and unnecessarily complicated
2.0	I expected this book to be about the freshman year experience, based on the title and the way that the book began.  However, the book ended up being more about broad strokes describing student life.  The author did not live in a freshman residence hall and I am unsure if she primarily enrolled in gateway classes or not.  Memorable aspects include her depiction of the student community being comprised of independent networks and the way students learn to manage college (cut corners) as a stragegy to manage their time
5.0	We actually received this book when Cheerios gave it away on the front of their box.  It has turned into one of our favorite books.  I am not surprised that John Lithgow could be funny, but I love that he writes for children too.  So get off of your fann-atee and buy this book. 
1.0	Why of course the Chinese government was entirely to blame for the opium imported by the Scotsmen Jardine and Matheson!  It just like when Americans have a cocaine problem, it is the US government, and not the drug smugglers and dealers, that has the responsibility.  And if the Chinese folks got addicted to this narcotic, well, it's for their own good you know.  At least that's Herman's view.  Also, the Scots who thus created Hong Kong for the opium trade did not do all this hard work for money or for themselves.  Yes, they did make a little money but that's not why they were in China.  They imported opium in order to create Hong Kong so that one day it will become a "premier" commercial city of the Orient, with the ultimate goal of teaching China western financial and economic techniques.  If it were not for Jardine and Matheson, how could China have become a great power today, or a candidate superpower tomorrow?  No, these two far-sighted Scots had this noble, lofty goal in mind when they came to China, nothing lesss.  When historians condemn these two for their "crime" (drug-dealing, that is) they forget that they are actually heroes, as Herman sees so clearly and correctly.  And so it is completely unjust that a brilliant people like the Scots don't even have a country they can call their own while the "barbaric" and "decadent" Chinese do
5.0	This is a highly informative account of both the ideas that led to the development of Plate Tectonic theory and the concepts of how the earth works. The book is engaging to read and is understandable to an audience at the level of Scientific American. I am using it as a required text in my course at Columbia University titled &amp;quot;Plate-tectonic theory and its geological corollaries&amp;quot;. For those fascinated in how the human mind puts observations together to build ideas and then test them, this book is first rate. Each chapter is crafted by a different researcher describing his or her contribution to the over all theory. The reader encounters brilliant and original ideas discarded by peer review, scientists peeping over each other's shoulder, the rush to the goal line to publish first, competition for access to key data sets, a last minute conversion from the static earth perspective, and the thrill of exploration at sea. The authors presents a wonderful history in Chapter 1 of the intellectual passage from the first inkling of continental drift in the 16th century to the breakthrough in 1966-1968 of the full-blown theory of rigid lithosphere paving stones and narrow plate boundaries
5.0	This book is one of the best gifts I have ever recieved. I just moved into my first apartment, and was feeling really overwhelmed about getting organized and making the most of a VERY small space. This book has so many great organizational ideas that it actually made me excited to get started. It was a huge project, but thanks largely to this book, I feel really great about my new home and I honestly have never felt more organized--such a great feeling!!! Thank you so much for all of the great ideas and tips!!!
1.0	This is a review of the audio book version.
1.0	 This has to be the worst self- help audio book I've bought.  I thought this was going to be a reading of the book, but instead the author rambles on and on - apparently paraphrasing the book.  I guess its supposed sound like a friend talking to you but I kept getting annoyed at the author repeating herself two or three times.  And where were the 100 tips?  I guess the were in there, but I couldn't listen to more than a couple tapes.  Don't waste your money... there are MUCH better books out there that give you useful, concrete steps for uncluttering and simplifying your life
1.0	I have read and enjoyed James Patterson in the past, but can honestly say that this will be the last Patterson book I will read.  I was truly disappointed in the lack of storytelling and writing ability.  The book had no depth, and the story suffered for it.  As I read the book I got the impression that Mr. Patterson was simply trying to crank out a book as quickly as possible, and could not be bothered with such things as descriptive detail or creative plotting.  I did not find the characters or their behavior to be believable. 
5.0	Great book to use in the classroom.  Beautiful illustrations. I have done a lot with Klimt in the classroom and this book will really help the young children enjoy him even more. And maybe inpsire lots of their own masterpieces
2.0	Well, considering all the exciting things that have been happening in my life, I was surprised that reading about the life of the universe was so dull.  I can watch a sunset or listen to the sound of a bird singing and that can be wonderful.  But I suspect that if the authors were to have written about a bird singing or the sunset, I wouldn't have recognized it let alone enjoyed it much.  If this book was an attempt to synthesize science with the wisdom of all cultures then give me a genealogy from the Old Testament any ol' day.    I could tell that the authors knew a lot, but unfortunately they didn't know enough about how to capture my attention.  Now I'm no stranger to heavy reading so it can't be the density of information concealed in semi-poetic language that made the story unexciting.  I think it was the tell-me-don't-show-me style of overlong explanations of the beauty and wonder of the universe that might have been significant in this regard.  Unfortunately academicians haven't quite got the hang of how to make countless acts of procreation throughout the history of life sexy nor have they been able to capture the mystery of the ever-shy rainbow.  It didn't help that it had a &amp;quot;we need to do better, us humans&amp;quot; ending.  One might have made that criticism of the authors for their worthwhile undertaking fallen short
5.0	My little brother passed away at just 17 years old on July 25th, and I remember when I first started reading year 4, he said that each book only get's better and I have a long way to go. Yes, it took me nearly three months to read this novel, but not because I'm that slow of a reader. More likely, the story and characters were so interesting that I preferred dragging out each chapter to save myself from moving forward to year 5.
5.0	 Year 4 was an excellent read with plenty of Potter goodness, not to mention the building plot's twists and turns, and the mysteries it would take a Sherlock Holmes to solve. Forget Holmes...it's all Potter and gang in this forth book by J.K. Rowling. As a reader, I highly recommend and back the series.
5.0	 As for my brother if he can read this from afar, man I miss you and I'm enjoying reading the stories you told me about. Thanks
1.0	I was sorely disappointed in this book.  I went by other reader's recommendations and I'm at a loss as to why it's got a 5-star rating.  I was, and still am, looking for a source that will get past the theory &amp;amp; history and describe how to complete the process: What do you do after you've baselined &amp;amp; have to produce a build
4.0	A pivotal look at the development of Latin American popular music, novelist Alejo Carpentier's historical tract was originally published in 1946, and came out of raging, decades-long intellectual debates about the nature of Cuban and Latin American culture.  This is the first English translation of this work and includes a lengthy introductory essay by the editor, explaining the author's role in the Cuban intelligensia... &amp;quot;Music In Cuba&amp;quot; was an attempt to settle some of the controversies about the &amp;quot;legitimacy&amp;quot; of Cuban music, and to resolve the apparent differences between tony, Europhilic art music and the grittier rural style that came to dominate the island's popular imagination.  It's an intellectual, somewhat egghead-y book, but rich in cultural depth... The new foreward is also very valuable, giving proper context to Carpentier and his work, and a sense of the academic and philosophical life of Cubans abroad and at home in the early 20th Century
4.0	The wide variety of articles on leadership covers well items from the basic topics such as the difference between managers and leaders to how someone can be both (and the tensions that can cause!). Two of the best articles were on how leaders really spend their time during the day and how leaders foster an environment in which other people can also be identified and brought forward as leaders.
4.0	 I would've rated this five stars, but there are a couple of articles (on 'defining moments' and CEOs) that weren't a complete waste of time but seemed too far divorced from the typical leader within a company that I was surprised the HBR didn't find something more likely to be widely applicable to fill the space
1.0	Guerrilla Warfare: Che Guevara
1.0	 by Ernesto Guevara
1.0	 Warning this book seems intended to make martyrs
1.0	 Over the years this book has proved far more useful to mislead potential guerrillas than to educate them.  The handmade weaponry described are ineffective and or failed tools of war. The tactics suggested have led to defeat in the Americas and in Africa. The cause described has never helped the poor and down trodden.  One could readily ponder if the real intent was to make martyrs for the cause of mythical communist paradise. One wonders  how many, aside from the author, died violently because of all the above.   
1.0	      
5.0	This is a warm and readable book about a fascinating subject: What happens at death, or near death? It is written by a world renowned and respected scholar and medical doctor. And, in spite of the fact that I am a Christian, with conservative beliefs, and even though I maintain my faith carefully focused on God, I do nevertheless give the accounts in this book some credence (along with its companion, written subsequently, "Life Beyond Death").  I invite you to read it and see why
1.0	I found this book embarrassing to read - not because it's risque, but because it so clearly illustrates how the French &amp; Italians got their reputations as great lovers. Is this the best that English literature can give us? This fellow clearly understands little of female anatomy, let alone female sexuality. 
1.0	 It's also mean-spirited. Lawrence proves his points by setting up his version of idealized man and even more idealized woman, and then spends most of the book trying to knock down every other character and concept. This is his only real method of proving the superiority of his ideal. He drips way too much contempt.
1.0	 Everything outside of sex is dumb, meaningless, ridiculous. Attempting to derive enjoyment from the "mental life" makes one ridiculous; being paralyzed makes one ridiculous; trying to have sex in any way outside Lawrence's own true and correct way makes one pathetic, or defective, or spiteful; not being able to enjoy the sort of lovemaking Lawrence proposes makes one undeserving of the title of "woman" or "man"; and so on. 
1.0	 Looking at Italian art is stupid. Everything in Paris is stupid. Constance can apparently tell from a glance that nobody in France knows how to have sex properly.
1.0	 Reading the book without his openly contemptuous commentary on what's "wrong" with everyone except C. and M., one might easily conclude that Constance doesn't really seem happier now that she's sleeping with the gamekeeper, and Hilda does seem happier in Venice - the author counters this by ridiculing "that kind" of happiness as delusional and druglike. He even seems to imply that her being so pleased with her life is yet more proof that there's something wrong with her. Of course Constance is wretched, because she does not have that one thing that, in Lawrence's view, really matters in life - not Mellors, but Mellors' equipment. This book does degenerate into phallus-worship, which makes the author's hostility toward "druglike" pleasures seem sort of ironically comical.
1.0	 Hilda is pathetic precisely because she can derive enjoyment from sensual pleasures: from Venice, from the feel of the sun, from jazz, from dancing. This seems weird to me - as if Lawrence is punishing the uppity woman. Hilda is also described as worse than pathetic - she is a "user", with strong suggestions that she is cold and immoral - because she enjoys that part of dancing which allows her to press up against a strange man, only to walk away when the dance is over. (This may be why at least one reviewer called the book sexist, since obviously Lawrence doesn't mind if Mellors is callous and behaves as a "user".) 
1.0	 It's actually sort of creepy how an author who seems to be claiming that sensuality is good consistently knocks sensual pleasures like the feel of sunshine on one's body. Everything is stupid except sex - and not just any sex, but his notion of real sex. 
1.0	 This is where astute readers will have the most trouble. Lawrence clearly defines a "real" woman - Constance Chatterly - by contrasting her with bad examples. 
1.0	 A woman who lays there "unfeeling" is clearly an example. Such a woman is described in terms suggesting she lacks warmth/decency/heart/womanhood/etc. Lawrence doesn't even seem to have considered the possibility that maybe what the man is or isn't doing could even be related; it's presented quite clearly as a difference between good/desireable women vs. women who are defective not only physically, but in character.
1.0	 On the other hand, a woman with an unfeminine urge to be In Control - that is, one who insists on moving herself, rather than sitting passive and letting the man do what he will - is forgivable when Michaelis is the male (because he's premature, and meant to be pathetic), but it turns unforgiveable when it's women in general and especially Mellor's Bertha, who just refused to come when she should out of spite. Bertha just had a sick (!) urge to be In Control, demonstrating her essentially vicious and pathological nature. The only thing Mellors did wrong was to not put her in her place promptly - he "spoilt" her. 
1.0	 As for all those touchy-feely things that women so frequently enjoy? Forget it. Lawrence suggests that Mellors does at least sometimes kiss and touch, but if it happens at all it appears to be mostly incidental, nothing important. A Real Woman doesn't need foreplay. Just hop on and go, and if she's what she ought to be, she'll feel crashing waves and dark tides sooner or later.
1.0	 These were what I found the most embarrassingly inaccurate - that a woman's duty is to lie there, not too passive, but not too active, and come when she's supposed to (and if she doesn't, it's her own fault); while a man's job is to climb on top and "perform". All of this is based on what ought to be a perfectly logical set of assumptions that are, unfortunately, not true. The truth is that a woman's vagina is not the equal-but-opposite inverse of a male penis; there's a thing that both males and females start out with, which in a man becomes the penis, and in the woman becomes (or remains) a clitoris. Lawrence seems to assume that what a woman feels is similar to what a man feels - but he assigns this feeling to the wrong body part. 
1.0	 Women have always known about their own bodies; surely a man so dedicated to the advancement of sexuality could have and should have taken more time to research how women really feel about things, preferably apart from what women think men "want to hear". This, too, is no doubt why it has been accused of being "sexist". The author (or at least Mellors) openly blames women who cannot or will not "come to the crisis" when she ought, as if it were entirely of the woman's doing and had nothing at all to do with the man. 
1.0	 It's also likely that science will eventually prove (if it hasn't already) that women like Constance Chatterly are not the norm or 'what a woman ought to be' emotionally as well as physically. For all that Lawrence spends an awful lot of energy ripping apart what he sees as silly, even noxious emotions and desires - such as "intimacy" and "connection", both of which he has Constance openly ridicule - biologists are increasingly finding that not only do men and women tend to have different feelings and expectations when it comes to the sex act, but that there is believed to be an evolutionary advantage in these differences, based on the notion that a man's biological job is to get his DNA out there, while reproduction for a woman involves a heavy emotional and physical commitment. If this is true, it would be the woman who takes such a cavalier and reckless attitude toward sex who is the deviant, not the one who wants to connect emotionally with the future sire of her child. 
1.0	 So - while there may or may not be women who feel as Constance does, at the same time it's not so clearly obvious that a woman "should" feel that way, as to justify Lawrence's open belittling of women whose emotional states don't match masculine emotional detachment and distance.
1.0	 There's a lot of talk of "tenderness" - in fact, Constance keeps mentally accusing everyone in Venice of somehow "lacking tenderness" - but quite frankly I am unclear on what exactly is supposed to be so tender. The only thing he values about her is that he quite clearly likes having sex with her, but even there she only stands out particularly because a good sex partner is so difficult to find. 
1.0	 I can imagine a woman putting up with - but I cannot imagine a woman particularly treasuring - a man who rebuffs her when she wishes to talk, who is rude to her instead of treating her as equal (remembering she's a Lady) when she asks him questions, who calls her c--t as if that were her name, and generally treats her as if she were a whore. I could imagine a woman finding this fun if it were a game they jumped into and out of, but this is how their relationship really is; she spends far too much time begging or wanting to beg him for reassurance - for the things he won't say and the questions he won't answer - for me to find her undiluted enjoyment in their relationship particularly credible.
1.0	 For what it's worth, I think life will be better when this book has become obsolete. It is exactly this sort of schlock that had women feeling pressured to fake their sexual responses - at great cost to their marriages, if not their selves. Those who agree that heppiness is linked to sexual satisfaction should be in favor of replacing this book with something that deals with sex in a way that reflects female sexuality in an honest and realistic fashion. As for those who just want a good read - I'd call it a matter of personal taste. Obviously some people enjoy this book. (Equally obviously, I did not.
2.0	I expected this book to be fun take on the Hollywood nanny experience where the reader can peek at the "other side" and perhaps try to guess who might be the real people behind the pseudonyms.  Nope.  Susanne Hansen is a cad who betrays her former employers (and her nanny friends' employers) by exposing their private family dynamics for entertainment and ridicule.  It would have been much, MUCH better had she changed names and focused more on the celebrity lifestyle gossipy end of it than in her own boring self-examinations and snotty judgements.  In every page she obsesses over wealth and then condemns the very people whose assets she admires.  She seems to think that shallow and neglectful parenting is something only to be found in the nanny-hiring set.  There was no joy in reading this book once I realized that while she may have changed the children's names, the names of the parents were quite real.  It puts the lie to how much she felt for her charges that she would so humiliate their parents in pursuit of the almighty dollar
5.0	Recently, my wife and I went on holiday to the Bordeaux region to tour the vineyards. This book was extremely helpful in planning and executing the trip. As geography and 'terroir' are key to understanding wine, I know of no other book that gives a better overview of this mysterious and elegant beverage. It's a must buy for wine lovers
1.0	Could not get in to story, jumped around so much, worse book I have tried to read
1.0	What a load of turnspeak.
1.0	 G. Orwell (deceased
1.0	Over the years (decades actually), Peter Eisenman's "Terragni" took on something of the urban myth, an elusive, unpublished work, supposedly of great genius.  Draft copies were jealously hoarded by a few insiders adding to the myth.  Now, after 40 years, it appears in print, no longer only the stuff of legend, but an actuality exposed to real scrutiny.  Frankly, the wait has not been worth it.  Exhaustively drafted from every conceivable projection and angle, the images of the building are accompanied by a text (a `critical text', the author repeatedly informs us), that pushes the limits only of the ridiculous.  For example: the plan of the Casa del Fascio, Eisenman "discovers", is a square, or rather, almost a square.  In order to satisfy Eisenman's supposition, the true square, it seems, is realized only when particular window is opened fully to the 90 degree position, thereby implying a volumetric extension of the building, which then completes the so-called purity of the geometry.  The fact that other windows on other sides of the building might also be opened at the same time thereby undermining the purported geometrical purity, does not seemed to have occurred to the author so blinded is he by the supposed brilliance of this, the most pretentious of studies. Numerous equally untenable speculations flesh out the remainder of this overwrought, but ultimately fruitless examination.  Terragni's classical parti is studiously avoided by the author who is largely ignorant of the precepts that underlie this, the most basic formal arrangement that Terragni carried through his design.  Eisenman stretches similar guesswork beyond the point of irritation as though insulting the intelligence of his readers is one of the underlying purposes of this book.  In the architectural industry, asinine speculation, masquerading as theory or as philosophical inquiry, are now the norm. This particular book has been billed as Peter Eisenman's "eagerly awaited magnum opus".   Certainly the Casa del Fascio is deserving of study.  However, if perchance "Giuseppe Terragni: Transformations, Decompositions, Critiques" does achieve long-lasting fame, it can only be for becoming the late 20th Century's high water mark of architectural pretentiousness and unbounded historical ignorance.  [One star for the drawings; zero stars for the text.]
4.0	Gave to husband as a gift and he is enjoying this story from baseball
4.0	I never knew where to start when facing the task of organizing my house after the winter. Clearing the clutter, switching winter/summer clothes, dreadful....! Not only did I find in this book solutions to clean and store, but I also discovered many useful tips to keep my house organized. I bought the book 2 months ago, and so far so good!!!
2.0	I read the book and it was ok.  The problem I find with alot of these books
2.0	 is the fact that it is hard to apply them to daily life.  The food required
2.0	 is not ordinary food but difficult to obtain and my other family members
2.0	 don't like it.  I would like a book that is easy to apply to my life now.
2.0	 If it is too exotic I don't have time to learn or to apply it and no one
2.0	 in my family is interested either
5.0	I've seen a few reviews here that say "read it, but don't go see it." Most of the time, I would probably agree, because most people who do the play don't get it; they think it's a straightforward comedy, and it is almost anything but.
5.0	 R&amp;G is all about pace; except for a couple of spots, if the pace isn't almost franticly precise, the end loses its entire effect. The beginning of the second act
5.0	 "Hmmm?"
5.0	 "Yes?"
5.0	 "What?"
5.0	 "I thought you..."
5.0	 "No."
5.0	 "Ahh."
5.0	 takes a lot of work to get right; someone missing a beat is almost as bad as someone walking through the invisible fourth wall.
5.0	 Guildenstern has the first real line in the play: "There's an art to the building up of suspense." If you aren't on the edge of your seat when the penultimate scene begins, then the director and the actors have missed the boat.
5.0	 Unfortunately, nothing Mr Stoppard has done since is quite as good. His plays are good, especially if you like the Pinteresque types, but just not quite as good
5.0	Everything and anything you've ever wanted to know about our oceans. This book is absolutely brimming with facts, myths, mysteries, and tales of the sea
4.0	I Really like this book. As a professional motivational speaker, who is trained and experienced in many motivational disciplines, I find this book touches on some very key things that one needs to master in order to be a success. The part I found particularly relevant was the part on Career Acrophobia. This section really touches on why many people just don't get ahead. It explains the Glass Ceiling and Self Sabotage phenomena very well.
4.0	 The only reason this book doesn't get a 5 star rating, is that it's a little weak on how to effectively address, the emotional issues it talks about. There are far more effective ways of addressing these issues, but this book does give you a good start.
4.0	 I'd recommend it.
4.0	 In Everything Truth, Faith and Love
4.0	 Destin
1.0	Hofstede's work was and is not really helpful; perhaps fascinating for those who deal with the issues from the comfortable space of their warm home of office in a western country.
1.0	 For all who want to get a fundamental insight to understanding espec. Asian behavior and cultural differences, I highly recommend to start with: "The Geography of Thought : How Asians and Westerners Think Differently...and Why -- by Richard Nisbett".
1.0	 That's the stuff that will bring you where Hofstede could never dream to be
5.0	Following a worldwide plague, Robert Neville may be the only man left alive. His family is dead. All the surviving humans have been transformed into vampires that surround his house very night in an attempt to break in or entice him out, attack him, and drink his blood. Holed up in his home, which he has converted into a safe house, Robert struggles with his despair and his outsider status, the constant need to seek shelter, food and protection, and the desire to discover the cause and possibly the cure of the plague. A combination of science fiction and horror, I Am Legend is an atmospheric, stark survivalist text with a truly brilliant central concept: the scientific conception and explanation of a vampire. The book is short and difficult to put down, well paced, both intelligent and frightening, and had a huge literary impact on authors in both the sci-fi and horror genres. I highly recommend it, and I consider it one of the most interesting books that I have ever read.
5.0	 This read through of I Am Legend was my first time coming back to it since I read it in high school (now almost four years ago). The story has stayed very fresh in my mind over the intervening years--or, more precisely, the science of Matheson's conception of vampires. Coming back to the text, it is now very obvious to me why those aspects would stick with me so strongly. For the most part, this narrative is a method of conveying Matheson's sci-fi concepts--perhaps like any true SF author, he puts scientific concept ahead of character, and the most important aspect of the characters is not their personality or emotions but rather then impact that the story's scientific concept has on them. In the case of I Am Legend, that concept is a scientific and (mostly) logical explanation for vampires. And it's a wonderful, brilliant concept, more than unique and interesting enough for me to remember it in detail over the years. I still feel like the final development to this sci-fi idea and its repercussions happens too quickly and in limited detail, making the end of the book feel a little too fast--nonetheless, the concept is a great one, and very interesting to read about.
5.0	 The flips side of that situation, however, is that the book lacks characterization and emotion. Those aspects aren't entirely absent by any means. Robert, the protagonist, has a back story, goes through emotional phases, and is greatly impacted by the apocalyptic survival setting that he finds himself in. He's realistically faulted and in many ways admirable. Nonetheless, these personal characteristics and even his interactions, past and present, exist primarily to move towards, expound on, and explain Matheson's scientific point, his conception of the vampires. In some cases, this is obvious: Richard's memories serve to build his character, but they also serve to lead him, and thus the reader, to a better understanding of the vampires. At a mere 160 pages, Matheson could have chosen to give greater emphasis to character--not so that it overwhelmed his SF ideas, but so that it provided a counterbalance to the emphasis on plot and idea found throughout the rest of the book. The lack of realistic and independently meaningful character makes those sections of the book unmemorable and makes the book as a whole a little bit too fast and too simple as a result.
5.0	 Despite these thoughts and critiques, I greatly enjoy this novel and highly recommend it. Matheson achieves an incredible atmosphere in I Am Legend, one of constant paranoia and terror that never grows stale or overblown. His SF concepts are detailed, intelligent, and truly absorbing. The book combines horror and sci-fi in a way that I have never seen anywhere else and find greatly enjoyable to read. I highly recommend the text, and it's a good one to own--although short and easily readable, it's wonderful to come back to and reread. It also makes a great atmospheric yet intelligent horror/Halloween text.
5.0	 I haven't read the additional texts that accompany the 300-page version, and so I can't speak for those
5.0	The Guns of Independence is one of the finest campaign/siege studies this reviewer has read on the Revolutionary War.  The volume covers the blunders committed by the British commander Lord Cornwallis and the, for once, amazing cooperation between the Allied forces under George Washington.
5.0	 Of special interest is the attention given the physical operations conducted during the siege of Yorktown.  The author details the types of artillery used and the construction of entrenchments, redoubts and battery positions.  Photographs of the reconstructed fortifications help the reader visualize the action.  In additon, references to archaeological excavations are not only fascinating, but give the reader a look at the detail involved in siege warfare.     
5.0	 The author has done a superb job of research and his writing, though a bit stiff at times, keeps the reader interested.  The nuts and bolts of the volume are solid with crisp, clear, well-produced photographs and informative, nicely constructed maps.  This volume provides a solid education in the actions at Yorktown in September/October 1781, and for those interested in the siege, this is the volume to read. 
5.0	If reading is a disease then this book will give it to you.  Manguel's insights and passion for this remarkable human experience will keep you glued to the page
5.0	It's hard to begin to praise Leigh Montville's biography of baseball's greatest slugger ever. There's a prelude written in a 'foggy,' uncertain-of-detail prose style which deals with the young George Herman Ruth's being committed to a 'boy's school,'and then drops into a dead-accurate lowdown which Montville researched diligently, right down to the brothers and young 'Nigger Lips's' discovery of the game and his rapid mastery. Montville tells true stories about The Babe's slugging, eating, drinking and sexual prowess in sometimes drop-deadpan humour, and he's a hell of a sportswriter as well. Three cheers for Montville and the Babe!!!
5.0	 (But hey,who hit a lifetime .371?
4.0	There are several books out there filled with Ginsbergs ponderings (I've looked at most of them)... so why pick this one?  For one... this collection spans 48 years of A. Ginsberg's work. Highlighting poetry that  the author selected personally. Sure here you will find the ever famous  &amp;quot;Howl&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Sunflower Sutra&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;America&amp;quot; as  well as, &amp;quot;Elegy for Neal Cassady&amp;quot; which was written by Ginsberg  shortly after hearing of his long time friend's death. However, where many  of these sort of books highlight one particular phase the author has gone  through (like a gallery showing of only Picasso's blue phase) this tome  lets the reader experience the entire Ginsberg.  I highly suggest this book  for anyone who is interested in getting to know Ginsberg and in  experiencing his greatness which spanned over 48 years (longer then his  friend Kerouac was on the planet)
5.0	it isn't al franken, michael moore, anne coulter or michelle malkin.
5.0	 It's an objective history, with analysis and some predictions.
5.0	 I'm a left-wing, liberal, european guy with a decent knowledge of US politcs and i found this book very useful in taking that to the next level.
5.0	 It is definately from the "Economist magazine" stable, which is good - their pieces are well argued and very easy if your reading age is over 16.
5.0	 A lot of poeple have found that coming to this book with their preconceptions isn't a bad thing - it is well researched enough and well argued enough to stimulate debate in your mind without lecturing or talking down.
5.0	 They don't assert one thing or another as correct, but present a timeline and show how fragile the Conservative coalition is in reality(christians, economics, guns, "values" etc). But argues that even if the coalition fractures the strands of conservatism will remain (good or bad) for a long long time to come.
5.0	 W 
2.0	I bought this book so I'd have something interesting to read during my son's tonsillectomy last fall.  I was hoping to enjoy the torrid love scenes in it!  I got half-way through the book, and it bothered me so much (my own issues getting in the way?), I put the book away.  I felt Anna was emotionally neglecting her daughter, Molly, while involved in her lustful dysfunctional relationship with Leo.  I didn't like any of the main characters, including Molly---all too unrealistic.  But I picked up the book yesterday and finished it.  The book was too flat!  Though I don't think she was a BAD mom, she certainly exercised poor judgment (and for what?  Like Leo was a good catch?)!  I wasted my time (I don't read books very often) on this story.  Yet I did read the whole book, hoping it would get better, so I'm giving it 2 stars.  I didn't think I'd get any more of Sue Miller's books, but other reviewers said she has better novels
2.0	Reads like a law textbook. Author often uses three sentences where one would do. Much ink is wasted telling the reader "we won't go into that here, but Chapter "X" deals exclusively with that." Concepts are understandable for those with an accounting background, but definitely would not recommend to someone without a solid grasp of accounting fundamentals. Author should have hired a writer to help him smooth out his writing style. Not recommended
